Kate Sackton: Does Isaac have the password for the secret epic? Dnd.
Tim Sackton: But isn't.
Tim Sackton: I don't think he really uses music.
Tim Sackton: I'd give it to him if you wanted it.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the way.
Kate Sackton: Coming from a place of experience. He's like, Dad. You put a lot into your dming.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he's not. He doesn't. He isn't. Well, that was just cause I got obsessed with Eric
Tim Sackton: when Eric said, Oh, we really need to have like
Tim Sackton: music. That's also an in game clue.
Tim Sackton: I was like, Okay, I'm gonna do that.
Tim Sackton: That took a while.
Tim Sackton: We'll see if you get there tonight.
Tim Sackton: Okay, oops. Let me find my notes here.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so we've been.
Eric Rosenbaum: Lately sorry. This is the best one. Yet
Eric Rosenbaum: if Kenza wants to train, you could just use this instead.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's really it's really high fidelity.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Wait! Wait!
Tim Sackton: But happens when you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I hadn't clicked. Take this guy.
Mike Sackton: I just tried it. It's something's happening.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry.
Mike Sackton: It's working.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll stop. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Out to tick.
Eric Rosenbaum: The problem is, we're all in different alternate dimensions. We have the same starting point. But we're all gonna click that same link and get.
Tim Sackton: And it goes.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fucking great.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you. Close that.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: we begin. As Seeker finishes his teleport spell, and the cold of earth fades around you in an instant as you're pulled through space. The first thing you notice is the heat, the jarring shift from the cold north, where
Tim Sackton: the beginning of May is barely the beginning of spring
Tim Sackton: to the warmth of a gulf of Chardin
Tim Sackton: where it feels practically summer.
Tim Sackton: The second thing you notice is the darkness
Tim Sackton: from morning light, and Ersk to the
Tim Sackton: pre-dawn inky blackness.
Tim Sackton: only a thin crescent moon casting a faint light on the water.
Tim Sackton: As you glance around.
Tim Sackton: you recall what you know about this fourth piece of jade that you're seeking
Tim Sackton: from the Philosopher's Guild. You remember the message in the letter
Tim Sackton: about this particular piece of jade, a glittering green thing, smooth jade
Tim Sackton: sparkling on the brow of a Murph oak.
Tim Sackton: The Murph swims and takes and reaps, the Murphok gloats over the waves of the elemental sea.
Tim Sackton: the echos of water eternal.
Tim Sackton: The Murph commands, the jade resists, but is overwhelmed.
Tim Sackton: The murfolk is a Murph at peace among kalp forests, stinging to the jade, watching the light change to the vast undersea forests. The Murf is a Murphok slaughtering. Taking the jade.
Tim Sackton: You also recall the story you learned from Thomas Hawk in in Tollen.
Tim Sackton: who you talk to at a parabola party.
Tim Sackton: and he told you the story he had heard from the West the inspiration
Tim Sackton: for one of his plays.
Tim Sackton: The play itself. Luminos gift is the story of a magic whale who rescues a sailor and takes him to a strange world beneath the ocean. But the inspiration supposedly was a real story
Tim Sackton: that Tom has heard secondhand a tail from the oceans west of Chardon.
Tim Sackton: of the provinces across the Gulf of Chardin from the great city itself. So that's on this peninsula where you've teleported. It was a tale of a magical kelp, forest, or jade beneath the ocean.
Tim Sackton: which was tended by Murphok, who grew names in their gardens.
Tim Sackton: As you recall these stories in these little tiny scraps of information. That is all you have to go on
Tim Sackton: as you search for
Tim Sackton: a piece of jade in a vast.
Tim Sackton: the vast western oceans. You look around and you see
Tim Sackton: you're on the docks of a city.
Tim Sackton: the city, Nevium.
Tim Sackton: the provincial capital of Portalia, a province in the Chardonnium Empire.
Tim Sackton: This is the city that you docked at after you left the
Tim Sackton: canal. When you traveled through
Tim Sackton: a year almost a year ago now, and it's the closest point to the canal where Seeker had ever seen.
Tim Sackton: because, as you recall, you all traveled through the canal in the mirror. Except for well, be so the closest to the canal you could reasonably teleport
Tim Sackton: right now. Everything is dark and quiet, the air smells of fish and damp wood, the morning silence broken
Tim Sackton: by the creek of ships that dock
Tim Sackton: and ships anchored out to sea in the harbor. The city itself is built
Tim Sackton: over the ocean, mostly over marsh tidal marshes, it seems, on great wooden pilings.
Tim Sackton: and they so.
Mike Sackton: We have the.
Tim Sackton: Understanding, on.
Mike Sackton: On the north or south, or on the north coast, right.
Tim Sackton: North.
Mike Sackton: Not emerald. Yeah, okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean, are we? It is it this? It's the city on the map. I'm just looking at Role 20. It's the marked city, the marked square.
Tim Sackton: Yes, yeah. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I didn't open world 20, but yes,
Tim Sackton: The only activity you see in this pre dawn hour is a few fisher folk preparing small boats to leave on the morning tide, and the light of the lanterns of the Chardonnian guard who patrol the dogs, although the guards are still a few 100 feet away. The lantern is moving in your direction.
Tim Sackton: What do you want to do? I'll presume that before you teleported you
Tim Sackton: set up your telepathy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Naturally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's him. How long has it been since? We got the last piece of jade.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just got it, didn't we?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Blake.
Eric Rosenbaum: And how are the.
Tim Sackton: No last night.
Tim Sackton: yesterday afternoon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, so basically, Tim,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I, I spend the like as soon as we get the jade. Basically, Kenzo is just like like attuning to the jade like he's just like, you know, there's a new piece.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, do we want to show the new piece to the mirror
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: at some point? I don't know how useful it'll be, but.
Mike Sackton: Didn't we get a pretty detailed vision just by taking it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, we did! We did that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Reindeer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's why we did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, Tim, you know now that there's like 3 pieces together, 2 more missing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, Kenza spends just like kind of all of his time, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yelling through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Get this this jade connection, and also kind of again
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: searching for the missing one. It's almost like, you know, trying to like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know. See if he can feel where or sense through like where the missing pieces, if he can kinda
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get a feeling of it's it's it's energy, or it's it's.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So
Tim Sackton: you.
Tim Sackton: if you are close.
Tim Sackton: like, if it was within a few miles of you
Tim Sackton: like, I forget what I said. The range of your like sense nature. It's like 6 miles or
Tim Sackton: yeah, 10 miles. Something like that.
Tim Sackton: You're pretty sure that you'd be able to sense at presence with that ability, but not from
Tim Sackton: hundreds of miles away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect. So Kenzo spends the time to develop that sense.
Tim Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Further developed in a sense.
Mike Sackton: We have no
Mike Sackton: oh, sorry! Go ahead.
Kate Sackton: I was just going to say risen, has a developed sense of preservation, and thinks we should casually walk away from the Chardonnaying guard. Since we're probably Chardonia's most wanted.
Mike Sackton: As I say, we have no actual plan here. Right.
Kate Sackton: Try to make.
Tim Sackton: Literally, no.
Kate Sackton: People with a boat I mean.
Tim Sackton: Well, you have.
Kate Sackton: Time mode.
Kate Sackton: do we? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Have a folding window.
Mike Sackton: Hey? We should just get in the water and sail off. Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: Love it.
Mike Sackton: Why not?
Kate Sackton: Let's walk casually away from the Municipal Guard until we can put our.
Kate Sackton: And boat in the water.
Mike Sackton: Glancing around. Is there anywhere around a corner or
Mike Sackton: Is there any like waste? That's a little bit more
Mike Sackton: so I don't like a little out of sight.
Tim Sackton: I mean it's dark, and it's not well lit.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: as long as you're very quiet
Tim Sackton: everywhere, is pretty much out of sight, right like you can see the lanterns coming, but the lanterns don't
Tim Sackton: cast a hundred foot.
Tim Sackton: being of life.
Mike Sackton: Okay, it's actually right. Cause it's still like 4 am.
Mike Sackton: We will be very quiet.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's just, you know.
Mike Sackton: slip into the
Mike Sackton: drop our boat in the water. And
Mike Sackton: is that a way?
Mike Sackton: I guess.
Tim Sackton: Your boat has 2 sizes. It has a small boat
Tim Sackton: with one sail and a pair of oars that can hold.
Tim Sackton: I think, 4 medium creatures, but theoretically the 5 of you could squeeze in, since
Tim Sackton: you've got one small and 2 dwarves
Tim Sackton: or it full of it unfolds into a
Tim Sackton: much bigger boat that you would need a crew to sail, but that would move
Tim Sackton: substantially quicker.
Tim Sackton: 24 foot long, 8 feet wide.
Tim Sackton: rowing seats, a steering or
Tim Sackton: a cab, and a mast.
Mike Sackton: I think, for right now the goal is to get out of the harbor
Mike Sackton: and sale up the coast a bit
Mike Sackton: fairly.
Tim Sackton: Small.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, so small boat.
Tim Sackton: Who is okay? I guess this is probably well, the
Tim Sackton: not make.
Tim Sackton: Terry. You see, my lobbies.
UU Church of Boulder: Proficient in boats.
Tim Sackton: I send you a message.
Mike Sackton: Ow.
Tim Sackton: I would say. Make
Tim Sackton: make a dex check against your
Tim Sackton: boat proficiency. So
Tim Sackton: your standard.
Tim Sackton: So it's d 20 plus dax plus proficiency.
UU Church of Boulder: Best up.
UU Church of Boulder: So that's 25.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: Welby manages to
Tim Sackton: slip the boat in the water pretty gracefully, and there's enough
Tim Sackton: creeks and
Tim Sackton: clacks and things like that.
Tim Sackton: going on that.
Tim Sackton: you know, a little bit of noise is not
Tim Sackton: super obvious. Like you're you basically look like a
Tim Sackton: there's a a not. There's a handful of other boats roughly this size
Tim Sackton: that are going out fishing with the morning tide.
Tim Sackton: Otherwise there's not. There's no like trading ships or anything on this
Tim Sackton: at this
Tim Sackton: time of day but a few other small boats, and so you manage to slip out into the harbor.
Tim Sackton: outen
Tim Sackton: rowing because the the
Tim Sackton: and and going out with the tide.
Tim Sackton: As you look back at the city, you can see. So this is
Tim Sackton: the city itself is built on a marsh. Basically, there's a bunch of of wooden pilings and things.
Tim Sackton: That extend out. There's a little bit of a barrier island that forms a sheltered harbor.
Tim Sackton: and there is a
Tim Sackton: what looks like a naval warship, anchored sort of in the middle of the harbor.
UU Church of Boulder: Hear me out just for a moment. We would get challenged a lot less if we were sailing a naval warship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Saying, we should take that one or become one.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, it's
UU Church of Boulder: it's just right there, like.
UU Church of Boulder: Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Aren't using it.
Mike Sackton: Can we sell a cell worship.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean
UU Church of Boulder: I.
Tim Sackton: And that's Crew.
Mike Sackton: If we snapped our fingers, and everybody on the naval worship disappeared. Could we sell it.
UU Church of Boulder: If we had a
UU Church of Boulder: like a scepter that commanded people.
Mike Sackton: That's that's gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somehow that sounds like a really useful thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there signs of activity just looking over at the naval ship?
Tim Sackton: But I mean, there's definitely
Tim Sackton: people
Tim Sackton: standing on the deck on watch. They don't seem particularly
Tim Sackton: concerned by
Tim Sackton: like they're not challenging the fishing boats
Tim Sackton: necessarily.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wonder
Eric Rosenbaum: is there some kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: I like?
Eric Rosenbaum: Are they just like guarding the canal?
Eric Rosenbaum: Wonder if there's some military strategy to remember they're here.
Kate Sackton: Do we have to sell close by it?
Tim Sackton: No, you can avoid them. You can stay pretty far away.
Tim Sackton: I I mean, you can certainly try to, anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's Turtonian made.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, Charlotte, and maybe for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: And would that typically have like, say, clairvoyance, detection?
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know.
Tim Sackton: The only time you've been caught with clairvoyance is when you tried to
Tim Sackton: spy on a
Tim Sackton: the Damari
Tim Sackton: captain who had a Chardonnaya mage
Tim Sackton: is tent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Eric Rosenbaum: but do you put pages on on naval warships?
Tim Sackton: While you do recall that
Tim Sackton: when you pass through the canal, every ship, not naval ships, all ships that travel through the canal take on one of these wind collars these strange
Tim Sackton: Trinity and Mages.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mean.
Tim Sackton: Is there one on the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: And maybe, instead of clairvoyance we could, we could use an animal.
Mike Sackton: It. Hold on. Isn't our assumption that
Mike Sackton: the where we are going is pretty far to the west.
Eric Rosenbaum: Riot.
Mike Sackton: We're not Gonna learn anything from
Mike Sackton: we should
Mike Sackton: get out of town. Do we know how far west Charlton's influence goes.
Tim Sackton: All the way to the tip of this peninsula is our Chardonnian provinces.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right which peninsula.
Tim Sackton: this I mean. None of you have traveled here before 20. This
Tim Sackton: this, like all the way here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Move.
Tim Sackton: You know the just vague.
Tim Sackton: you know, whatever you picked up from background when you were sailing on the emerald song, or whatever
Tim Sackton: the interior of this peninsula here is like
Tim Sackton: rugged mountains, forests impossible. Nobody lives there.
Tim Sackton: Nobody really knows that. I mean, the southern coast is like Illoria down down here
Tim Sackton: the western coast nobody really knows
Tim Sackton: but this north coast here is Chardonnian provinces.
Tim Sackton: although the further northwest you get the
Tim Sackton: more
Tim Sackton: a Todd.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's right. We're literally terrorists, I forgot. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: so we can't just go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: one of us
Eric Rosenbaum: like Risen, maybe could go
Eric Rosenbaum: and like, buy a boat.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is now secrets thing out loud, like
Eric Rosenbaum: people operating naval ships probably don't normally sell them
Eric Rosenbaum: or lease them while they're operating them.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might need to go somewhere else to buy a boat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or what about is this? Could we take this boat out a few 100 miles? I'm not that, like
Eric Rosenbaum: Mallory, with boating.
Mike Sackton: I mean we could convert our boat into a big boat.
Kate Sackton: But we'd need to take on a crew.
Mike Sackton: But we need.
Tim Sackton: Crew, but this boat is not.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's not gonna be super fast right like
Tim Sackton: to get to the tip from where you are right now. The tip of this peninsula is
Tim Sackton: 500 miles.
Tim Sackton: and realistically, the Bo. The vote you're in right now is probably going.
Tim Sackton: I had some notes on this.
Tim Sackton: I worked it all out, but now I can't find my trouble. Notes.
Mike Sackton: I don't let me have 25 days until Polyn wakes up.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: with this small boat you can probably go maybe 6 miles an hour
Tim Sackton: with a good wind.
Tim Sackton: but while we can't sell it 24 HA day. Right? You need
Tim Sackton: a crew.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know.
Tim Sackton: Big of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: A little.
Tim Sackton: Go a few miles an hour, faster.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a new ability.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is to create essentially essentially a
Eric Rosenbaum: a copy of another person
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a magical duplicate that lasts
Eric Rosenbaum: indefinitely. Actually so overnight, I could make a
Eric Rosenbaum: an entity with very similar abilities to Wellbe that could sail the ship while he's asleep. For instance, it might be useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: assuming that will be is the one with the sailing abilities. That's true, isn't it?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I think while we're selling
Tim Sackton: on the boat experience.
Kate Sackton: So we increase our crew size to 2
Kate Sackton: We but still a small boat.
Mike Sackton: Our bigger boat would go, I mean, shouldn't we
Mike Sackton: sale for a bit?
Mike Sackton: We don't know what the terrain is like past here, right like
Mike Sackton: it's
Mike Sackton: who knows if it's populated, or
Mike Sackton: there's empty harbors, or what right? So.
Eric Rosenbaum: We we could, we could find a town and and buy a larger boat even higher on the crew.
Mike Sackton: We don't need it to buy a larger boat. We have a larger boat. We just have to unfold it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we just yeah.
Mike Sackton: And crayon.
Kate Sackton: So we need to go to an obscure enough town that there isn't a naval presence or an awareness of us as terrorists. Maybe we even go into the town with like
Kate Sackton: some sort of illusion of our appearance. If any of us has that sort of magic.
Kate Sackton: and we try to find, you know.
Kate Sackton: for adventure, seeking cousins or something, who might crew a boat.
Kate Sackton: adding and.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think one or 10.
Kate Sackton: Them out on the. We get them out on the open ocean, and we real we're Turtonian terrorists. And then we keep sailing.
Kate Sackton: You know.
Eric Rosenbaum: And sounds good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. What do you think will be, what's our? What's our next leg of the journey gonna look like.
Mike Sackton: If we can go 8 miles an hour, 12 HA day.
Mike Sackton: we can cover the toll traction 5 days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: I don't know how, so we'd get a crew right like
UU Church of Boulder: if we run into a halfling ship. Maybe we can try and negotiate some of them on board here.
Mike Sackton: No, let's let's go. Let's sale for a couple of hours.
Mike Sackton: Look at the town, see if there's a place we could go in and try and find a crew.
Kate Sackton: And frankly hoping for some
Kate Sackton: halflings who are in between.
Kate Sackton: you know gigs who we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're you're saying I shouldn't create
Eric Rosenbaum: smell the.
UU Church of Boulder: Unwell, be.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know it's never too late.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hopefully, it's not.
Tim Sackton: Well, it takes 12 h to cut the spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wasn't that what it was? It's never too late to live. Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's
Tim Sackton: Never too late. Yeah, something like that.
Tim Sackton: It takes 12 h and 1,500 gtp. Worth of powdered rubies, which are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's over. It would do it overnight. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Moved away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guys hear me.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Yep. Yep. Yep.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey? Quick thing! So, Tim, just in general, right like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like there is totally the equivalent of like the rebel alliance in Chardon. You know what I mean. There's totally the the and you know, case so like, etc, right? And it can't be like Justin Chardon, like there must be like some like rebel presence like around right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, who is there? I mean, there must be some kind of organized something. I mean, it's sort of like, even if we're in a place that's like Charter Imperial territory. You know, it's like there's gotta be like the resistance that we can find that would down be down to.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So so keep in mind that
Tim Sackton: the further you get from
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: though.
Tim Sackton: like center of
Tim Sackton: Chardonnay and control like the the the
Tim Sackton: the province around the canal is pretty centrally controlled by Charbonn. Right? But
Tim Sackton: as you go
Tim Sackton: further away from the city.
Tim Sackton: you know the extent to which is part of the Chardonnian Empire. It's not like there's a central government that's
Tim Sackton: regularly patrolling right like there's some king or regent, or lord, or whatever who pays tribute.
Tim Sackton: Possibly there's a you know, there's a
Tim Sackton: governor appointed by Chardin. But in a lot of cases these are
Tim Sackton: the more distant provinces are not. Really.
Tim Sackton: It's not like. They're directly under control of the turnover. Right? Like they're sort of.
Tim Sackton: you know. They're in the Empire in the sense that, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: Britain was part of the Roman Empire, not so much in the sense that Italy was part of the
Tim Sackton: right.
Tim Sackton: So there there is.
Tim Sackton: There's probably not a like. If what if you get all the way up to the tip of this peninsula? There's probably not a resistance.
Tim Sackton: only because there's not really like a
Tim Sackton: Imperial presence. To begin with.
Tim Sackton: probably a tax shift that comes 3 times a year or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. So I mean the likelihood we can find, like sympathetic people like Nick one charter. It's it's high.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like as we get farther away.
Tim Sackton: I mean whether they.
Tim Sackton: what their attitudes towards Chartin are you don't know
Tim Sackton: the most prevalent attitude might be.
Tim Sackton: Don't care
Tim Sackton: right like the further away you get the more people are just like charting doesn't matter to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Tim Sackton: I live in village acts right. What matters to me is the politics of village acts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool.
Tim Sackton: But but not near the canal. The canal is like
Tim Sackton: very centrally part of the Chardonnaya Empire. You gotta get north as far northwest as you can
Tim Sackton: in arbitrate.
Tim Sackton: get away from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also. what? What's our antiwing technology right now?
Eric Rosenbaum: None. I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have the top agent, don't we?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, do we.
Tim Sackton: You do have the top back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, you killed Cadmus so you could have just taken you just took it from them.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we did we yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. So so we should 100. Because, like, you know, we're, we're kind of at an advantage. Now we've got teleport. Nobody knows where the fuck we are. So I you know, maybe we should set up like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some kind of constant like. I don't know. There's like a magical way to keep that top spinning with us just like all the time, somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know what I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think we just.
Kate Sackton: In, the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Spot, check, it.
Mike Sackton: The problem is, wait the top
Mike Sackton: spins. If it's being as long as it's being watched.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the problem is the only way you can detect. If it if you're being scribeed, is
Tim Sackton: start it spinning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, and.
Tim Sackton: Turn around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking at it.
Tim Sackton: And then see whether it falls to the ground or not. See but here, whether it falls to the ground or not.
Kate Sackton: To win.
Tim Sackton: Not our global? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It takes a few minutes.
Tim Sackton: Like, check. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: We can sporadically check to see if we're being scribeed. Even if we are being scrived, we can't do anything about it.
Mike Sackton: Well, you can never do anything. I mean, once we get
Mike Sackton: our new Roman Vintosharda, which is scribe proof, then.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm feeding you guys steak and cheese from next place.
Tim Sackton: See you and.
Mike Sackton: And.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm chugging.
Tim Sackton: Sports, make a.
Tim Sackton: Make another
Tim Sackton: ship handling check for Wellbe
Tim Sackton: as you
Tim Sackton: move to navigate out of the harbor and try and catch the wind.
UU Church of Boulder: That's an 11, which means it's a 20.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: A.
Tim Sackton: Plus you. Well, you reroll one, so reroll your one first to see if you get higher than the 20.
UU Church of Boulder: Barely.
Tim Sackton: Delegate. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: yeah. I mean.
Tim Sackton: Bobby's good at this
Mike Sackton: It.
Tim Sackton: It takes you a bit. It takes you some a little bit of time to sort of navigate out of the
Tim Sackton: harbor and and catch the wind. So
Tim Sackton: by the time you're
Tim Sackton: it's you know it's dawn. By the time you're really
Tim Sackton: can see the the
Tim Sackton: you're past the Barrier Island and sort of out of the harbor itself, and can see now the coastline spread
Tim Sackton: across
Tim Sackton: your field division and and you can see
Tim Sackton: so you can see the canal ahead.
Tim Sackton: There's a fort at the entrance to the canal. The canal. This northern end of the canal is basically a dredge channel through a massive
Tim Sackton: river delta. Salt marsh.
Tim Sackton: So it's
Tim Sackton: you know it's there's all these like little passageways that cut through the Mars, and then on an island, starting the entrance to the canal. There's this Turbonian fort.
Tim Sackton: I presume you're steering away from
Tim Sackton: and there's some. You can see that there's ship traffic now sort of piling up to go into the canal. So.
Tim Sackton: Bada.
Tim Sackton: there's there's a con. There's a morning convoy that leaves
Tim Sackton: every morning from the north to sale south, and there's a convoy that leads from the south to sale north.
Tim Sackton: They pass in the lake in the middle.
Tim Sackton: because there's parts of the canal that aren't wide enough for more than one ship at a time.
Tim Sackton: So you kinda just tack out into the ocean into the Gulf of Chart and just avoiding any
Tim Sackton: close approach to any of the canal business going on here.
Tim Sackton: So it's a it's a few. Where's my
Tim Sackton: better map? Here.
Tim Sackton: Guy?
Tim Sackton: so it's like.
Tim Sackton: you know, it's like
Tim Sackton: 3, 4 h
Tim Sackton: to get at, you know, sort of heading out.
Tim Sackton: So navigation question
Tim Sackton: the if you want to get up the Peninsula. The simplest thing to do is just
Tim Sackton: go straight this way.
Tim Sackton: puts you out of sight of land.
Tim Sackton: Well, yeah, puts you like 40 miles away from
Tim Sackton: away from land, cuts off the
Tim Sackton: download
Tim Sackton: cuts off that little dip near the canal avoids the canal.
Tim Sackton: but it means that you're probably spending.
Tim Sackton: you know, a couple of a day or 2, just
Tim Sackton: sailing across the open ocean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where are those little islands? Do we know?
Tim Sackton: Seattle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Islands.
UU Church of Boulder: Wellbe has a high degree of confidence in his
UU Church of Boulder: dead reckoning skills.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, nice. I like it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm just taking.
UU Church of Boulder: For that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take us straight across.
Mike Sackton: I, just the sooner we get faster transport the better.
Kate Sackton: I can become proficient in something for like an hour, so I could
Kate Sackton: conjure up the ability to sale long enough to give will be a break if that becomes a situation.
Eric Rosenbaum: We also need to be on the lookout for
Eric Rosenbaum: crew
Eric Rosenbaum: that we could pick up, which means looking for like signs of towns along the coast.
Mike Sackton: Right, yeah.
Kate Sackton: We're looking for. It's hard to find.
Mike Sackton: Signs of coastal towns when you're 50 miles away from the coast. What you see is ocean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: but you could see like patterns of seabird movement and stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Totally.
Eric Rosenbaum: See fission birds.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can.
UU Church of Boulder: Beast sense into some seagulls. From time to time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Mike Sackton: I. If we want to go along the coast, we should just go along the coast.
Mike Sackton: There's no point in going out into the middle of the ocean, and then being like, Oh, we wish we had gone to. That's just gonna
Mike Sackton: waste our time right
Mike Sackton: right here you go.
Tim Sackton: Is.
Mike Sackton: Straight across.
Tim Sackton: And then pick.
Mike Sackton: I work.
Tim Sackton: I was.
Mike Sackton: And then pick up the coast, or we should veer towards the coast.
Mike Sackton: and then sail along the coast.
Eric Rosenbaum: But there's not.
UU Church of Boulder: Straight across.
Eric Rosenbaum: The little islands look really cool.
Mike Sackton: We don't even know they're there, do we? But also they're in the wrong direction. We don't have time
Mike Sackton: generally go together.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool. I like these little.
UU Church of Boulder: Due northwest.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: While well restoring the ship. So while he gets to the side.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Good.
Tim Sackton: It's a nice day.
Tim Sackton: Ass
Tim Sackton: you travel you've got a you've got a good
Mike Sackton: Do. They may have any spells that can control the weather.
Mike Sackton: make a.
Kate Sackton: Do not I just.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, ease.
Tim Sackton: There's a decent breeze. It's not. It's not blowing directly northwest. There's a bit of a
Tim Sackton: sea breeze blown onto land.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Perfectly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Use telekinesis to push yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: presumably.
Tim Sackton: Ewm.
Mike Sackton: So short, like 1 min type spells already.
Tim Sackton: It only lasts, I think, a minute or 10 min, so it's not gonna do much.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's it's like putting a fan on deck of the ship to try to blow in the sails.
Tim Sackton: But it's a magic fan, so it'll probably work for 10 min.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's true!
Tim Sackton: Shut
Tim Sackton: spells don't obey the laws of physics.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true. That's true.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: okay, so I mean.
Tim Sackton: you're having to tack across the wind.
Tim Sackton: But Robbie is a good
Tim Sackton: good sailor, good enough sailor.
Tim Sackton: You managed to make.
Tim Sackton: you know, by by noon
Tim Sackton: another like 4 h you manage to make another like 28
Tim Sackton: miles of progress, like out now in the middle of the ocean.
Tim Sackton: No site of land in any direction
Tim Sackton: keep heading. Do northwest. Make a survival check. Well, me.
Tim Sackton: although again.
Tim Sackton: you can't roll less than a 20. So never mind.
Tim Sackton: you're not gonna get lost.
Tim Sackton: actually survival. You can't run less than a 23. Right?
Tim Sackton: Right?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Bobby is exceptionally good at what he does.
Tim Sackton: and is extremely confident in both navigating the wins and
Tim Sackton: dead reckoning to keep you pointed straight, despite having to tack back and forth to catch the sea breezes.
Tim Sackton: And so by the time the sun is set, you've traveled another
Tim Sackton: bob we
Tim Sackton: almost 50 miles, so a total of
Tim Sackton: a total of something like 80 Ish Miles
Tim Sackton: Avenue.
Tim Sackton: So that's
Tim Sackton: 1, 2
Tim Sackton: and have
Tim Sackton: based on Wellbeing's dead reckoning.
Tim Sackton: Find yourself as the sun is setting
Tim Sackton: of a. This
Tim Sackton: view is not of sunset, but
Tim Sackton: seeing in the distance a rocky coast.
Tim Sackton: no obvious signs of
Tim Sackton: cities exactly where you are.
Tim Sackton: Not a lot of boat traffic here, either.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or any.
Tim Sackton: Know exactly where you are, but
Tim Sackton: theoretically you should be somewhere like around
Tim Sackton: around here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But this is new territory for all of you. None of you have
Tim Sackton: have gone in this direction.
Tim Sackton: But at this point Robbie has been sailing for
Tim Sackton: more than 12 h. So it's gonna be tough to keep going at this stage.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we should probably
Mike Sackton: land right
Mike Sackton: find to Cove. We can ink.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, there's plenty of little codes that you can easily a sheltered places to anchor here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim Kenzel commutes with nature.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What what do I know about this place? What can I learn about this place?
Tim Sackton: it's pretty peaceful, I mean
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: so the ocean the the land is dry.
Tim Sackton: There hasn't been a lot of rain.
Tim Sackton: so the plants clinging to the rocks are all thirsty.
Tim Sackton: The ocean is, you know, teeming with life. There's.
Tim Sackton: you know, swarms of fish. This is good fishing grounds.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing that feels out of place to you. This feels like a
Tim Sackton: pretty tranquil spot.
Tim Sackton: there's
Tim Sackton: no
Tim Sackton: settlements nearby that you can sense.
Tim Sackton: You get the sense that this is relatively, sparsely populated, like, it's pretty, it's dry. It's rocky.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cause. I was like taking very, very strong, like mental notes, for, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, potential spot for a location for one of his you know future temples for his
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: his.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: his network of little
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: couple days.
Kate Sackton: Meditation franchise.
Kate Sackton: This is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes, that's right. Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The Starbucks of meditation.
Tim Sackton: So you settle into a small cove for the evening.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna go scout. I think
Mike Sackton: if we're not, gonna if we're just settling in.
Mike Sackton: I'm just gonna I'll
Mike Sackton: fly up to. I mean, this is like hilly right? Like it would 10 min of flying. Presumably I can get
Mike Sackton: relatively high, like towards the tops of one of these hills.
Mike Sackton: and then just look around. Is there any towns.
Mike Sackton: Any signs of.
Tim Sackton: So there is. There is a small
Tim Sackton: city town, ish something like that. That's actually back a little ways along the coast that you sailed past. Maybe
Tim Sackton: 50 miles or so.
Tim Sackton: Didn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Didn't mean to do that.
Tim Sackton: there's, you know, there's some ships it looks like maybe mostly fishing. There's you can see some, are you?
Tim Sackton: So you're looking at a distance in this direction.
Tim Sackton: maybe maybe 15 miles west along the coast or east along the coast from where you are, so you kind of missed it in your navigation before you hit the
Tim Sackton: land.
Tim Sackton: Some activity. There's you know. There's fishing boats coming in
Tim Sackton: for the evening. People docked it seems substantially smaller than Nevium, where you were before.
Tim Sackton: it from a distance. It's hard to gather much more details.
Eric Rosenbaum: It. It just occurred to me clairvoyance has a range of a mile. I could send it straight up and look down, and presumably I could see much further, even.
Tim Sackton: You could.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't know the geometry like. How far would I be able to see from a height one mile.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I could also capture.
Eric Rosenbaum: First.
Mike Sackton: Scrying on the docks. Now that I can see it.
Mike Sackton: which is the next thing I'm gonna do.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So you see the docs?
Tim Sackton: you know, most of it is just kind of the normal bustle. There's there's people hauling fish,
Tim Sackton: you know a little bit of chatter back and forth, people talking chardonnay. And do you speak Chardonnian?
Mike Sackton: I sort of assume at this point. I would. I don't know if it's on my character, though.
Mike Sackton: but in Dnd you can't learn new languages. It's impossible to ever learn a new language, of course, over the course.
Tim Sackton: No, I've got you learn lots of new languages, but you're only in chartin for.
Mike Sackton: I.
Tim Sackton: Half.
Mike Sackton: Don't.
Mike Sackton: and I don't speak Chargonian that I think dealt with probably would have tried to learn Chargonian at this point, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You totally could have learned from from practicing with Mackenza.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like tons of how much time we've spent so many, all the countless hours, just like traveling
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: easy.
Tim Sackton: I actually think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably like having people like having everybody. No Trardonian would would like make make sense.
Tim Sackton: I'm not opposed to that. I'm only slightly opposed to Rat conning that you started learning Turinian a long time ago, like I've been perfectly happy.
Mike Sackton: I just.
Tim Sackton: When you spare.
Mike Sackton: It's not that much fun to be focused around
Mike Sackton: interactions that have to cast tongues every hour constantly
Mike Sackton: right. And you maybe take shadow car which I've never once used in the entire game.
Tim Sackton: Listen.
Mike Sackton: And probably never will.
Mike Sackton: So I would argue, it's perfectly reasonable that dealt with would speak chardonnay. And I actually don't. I think
Mike Sackton: I actually don't think that I think that would would speak sugar.
Mike Sackton: He fought with.
Tim Sackton: From.
Mike Sackton: So needs.
Tim Sackton: Back in the day.
Mike Sackton: I've just lost them
Mike Sackton: now, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Feel like you should roll some dice, see what happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Spend enough time on Sardonia and Duolingo. You know.
Tim Sackton: yeah, I'm
Tim Sackton: it's not an important bot point that you can't understand these people.
Tim Sackton: So I don't really care. I just
Tim Sackton: if there's another language that you decide you want to learn, it seems like you shouldn't just be able to always justify every language.
Mike Sackton: I just think I think dealt with language.
Tim Sackton: Charltonian probably makes sense for dealt with. I would. I'd like.
Mike Sackton: We picked right.
Eric Rosenbaum: If only we had some kind of necklace.
Tim Sackton: That's fine. You can rack on Charter at the end this time.
Tim Sackton: Anyway, they're talking about
Tim Sackton: So so you get the sense like, okay, this is, you know.
Tim Sackton: the chatter on the docs basically actually make
Tim Sackton: make a
Tim Sackton: I am just
Tim Sackton: charisma investigation check.
Mike Sackton: Charisma investigation. Okay? So that's.
Tim Sackton: I can't remember if you're Perkins, and not proficient.
Mike Sackton: Investigation.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so just straight.
Mike Sackton: Straight charisma check.
Mike Sackton: They're all a 20.
Tim Sackton: Tom.
Tim Sackton: So you get the sense from
Tim Sackton: kind of
Tim Sackton: the chatter on the docks in
Tim Sackton: minutes that you can. That scribe lasts like
Tim Sackton: you pick up a few things. One is
Tim Sackton: So this is mostly a fishing town. This is the
Tim Sackton: It's sort of the westernmost
Tim Sackton: bath.
Tim Sackton: Sorry west of here. There's a bunch of you know. The land gets much hillier, and there's a big gap before there's any more settlements at all, really.
Tim Sackton: east of here that you sailed past. There's like a variety of like coastal fishing villages and things.
Tim Sackton: And this is kind of the westernmost town in
Tim Sackton: basically, like all the the you know, the fisher folk who have come to sell their.
Tim Sackton: you know, to sell their fish at the market, or whatever all coming from the east. None of them are coming from the west.
Tim Sackton: so you get the sense that west of here was like a bit of a break. There's rough terrain. There's hills before any more
Tim Sackton: people live.
Tim Sackton: There's definitely a lot of chatter about chartin like not in any clear way. Right? You don't hear your names mentioned. You don't hear
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo and Galway are escape from
Tim Sackton: their execution in our the most wanted. But there's a lot of chatter about like.
Tim Sackton: what happens like, is there gonna be war?
Tim Sackton: Who did this like.
Tim Sackton: you know, things are bad.
Tim Sackton: is, you know, are they? Gonna is there gonna be a tax? Is there gonna be a
Tim Sackton: levy?
Tim Sackton: Are we gonna get
Tim Sackton: drafted into the navy?
Tim Sackton: That sort of chatter? Not like a not like a Oh, wow! Would it be awesome if there's war and not like a
Tim Sackton: let's get dealt with
Tim Sackton: just kind of a general sense of like unease among the people?
Tim Sackton: But there is a guard. I mean there is a guard here. You do like
Tim Sackton: you do see? In the 10 min the Chardonnium Legion patrolling the dock.
Mike Sackton: Is this like
Mike Sackton: 200, 500,
Mike Sackton: 2,000.
Tim Sackton: Maybe a thousand.
Tim Sackton: The buildings kind of go up into the hills a little bit.
Tim Sackton: Precisely, Judge, but
Tim Sackton: at
Tim Sackton: Navym is probably a city of 5,000 people. This is substantially smaller than that.
Tim Sackton: 800 to a thousand would be your guest.
Tim Sackton: It's sort of the the biggest.
Tim Sackton: It's like the westernmost
Tim Sackton: point of this problem.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I'll come back down.
Mike Sackton: Share with everybody
Mike Sackton: that we missed the town.
Mike Sackton: All these navigation skills are quite good at missing danger. Thank you.
Mike Sackton: but we could circle back.
Mike Sackton: It seems like there's probably not much west of here for a way. So if we want to try and hire a crew. This is our best bet.
Eric Rosenbaum: About keeping an eye out for a ship coming from that town
Eric Rosenbaum: like a
Eric Rosenbaum: dudes go out in a fishing boat, and then we can talk to them, and we don't attract as much attention.
Kate Sackton: I mean, if we want to seem plausible, as we have a big boat in either crew, should we arrive in a big boat that's under crewed
Kate Sackton: as opposed to arriving in a small boat. I guess people are used to magic.
Kate Sackton: He's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Question. That'd be a good question.
Mike Sackton: We need a cover story right?
Mike Sackton: If we're looking for crew.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: I think
Mike Sackton: doing
Mike Sackton: ambushing a fisherman feels to me unlikely to work right like, unless we're gonna dragoon them and
Mike Sackton: do it. That.
Kate Sackton: Not our style.
Mike Sackton: But could could well be.
Kate Sackton: And I could well be a nice sale. The big boat, if I became proficient in sailing for an hour
Kate Sackton: well enough to like get into a port and be like
Kate Sackton: Whoa! We are massively under staff. We really need a.
Mike Sackton: Well, I think we should start with our cover story.
Kate Sackton: So who would? Who would be out on a massively under staffed boat
Kate Sackton: integration in it
Kate Sackton: in this innocent way.
Mike Sackton: I would say, why are we selling West?
Mike Sackton: Would be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gloria.
Mike Sackton: West. I I was thinking, treasure hunters right? Why not?
Mike Sackton: It's like.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's not like it's unsettled to the west, right? Like you just have to go another.
Mike Sackton: No, yeah. My understanding is, it's unsettled. Once we get around the tip.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: So we need. We're hunting a rumor of treasure
Mike Sackton: on the western.
UU Church of Boulder: How about tester hunters? But the
UU Church of Boulder: you know, one of us hired
UU Church of Boulder: crew who turned out to be great treasure hunters, but vastly overrepresented their ability to crew a boat.
UU Church of Boulder: So
UU Church of Boulder: we need to hire crew to take
UU Church of Boulder: by us.
Mike Sackton: Are they gonna be?
Mike Sackton: I was thinking
Mike Sackton: the crew deserted it. I mean
Mike Sackton: something like the crew deserted, or
Mike Sackton: I mean, that's a little.
Mike Sackton: or
Mike Sackton: we had trouble at sea. That's maybe a little iffy in the sense that then people are like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Having trouble.
Mike Sackton: Let's see again.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: I mean we could just be like.
Mike Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we assume the Merfoc are way far around the tip
Mike Sackton: we assume we need to get to the unknown area to find them. Or is that not actually true?
UU Church of Boulder: Do we know where we're going.
Mike Sackton: No, no, we have no idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't really know anything at all.
Tim Sackton: You don't know where you're going. All you know.
Kate Sackton: Otherwise that.
Tim Sackton: Dory, but.
Kate Sackton: People who have rumors.
Tim Sackton: The story that Thomas Hawks told
Tim Sackton: came from
Tim Sackton: west of Chart, and you presume
Tim Sackton: one of these Peninsular provinces.
Tim Sackton: and talked about
Tim Sackton: the Murf and the jade.
Mike Sackton: Is it.
Tim Sackton: Presumably there's not like a giant Murpho city in the middle of the Gulf of Charlotte
Tim Sackton: like that. Seems like
Tim Sackton: probably you'd know more about it, but maybe it's it might be due north.
Tim Sackton: It might be like right here. It might be here.
Tim Sackton: It might be you know.
Mike Sackton: It is
Mike Sackton: hunting Murphok treasure to close to home.
Eric Rosenbaum: Might dredge up some
Eric Rosenbaum: local knowledge that way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We have a map written in
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Can any of us
Mike Sackton: Baca map written in murfolk?
Mike Sackton: Do we know what language more folks speak.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could be like, well.
Mike Sackton: Do we know anybody who would know
Mike Sackton: that we could dream, or something like that, or send?
Mike Sackton: Do any of us have any idea what language more folks speak at all.
Kate Sackton: They just sort of craft things out of ripples of water. I could just like make a shimmery pool of water and say, Look, it's my folk writing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Move.
Mike Sackton: Because here's my idea for a cover story. We have a Ma. A map
Mike Sackton: written in murfolk, and we've read it magically.
Mike Sackton: but it's hard to decipher right?
Mike Sackton: But it's a treasure map, we believe, or we.
Mike Sackton: we have reason to believe it's a
Mike Sackton: map to treasure.
Mike Sackton: And so we're sailing.
Kate Sackton: Opal.
Mike Sackton: West looking for this treasure, which we think is somewhere out here, because we've heard rumors of Murph here, right?
Mike Sackton: And we're hoping to get closer and then
Mike Sackton: help, you know. Just be able to decipher the map.
Mike Sackton: Gives us an excuse for asking about murfolk.
Mike Sackton: right? Cause.
Eric Rosenbaum: At some point we'll have to reveal that anything that geographic that we have on a map is fake. But maybe we could do something other than literally a map like.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, not not like an actual. No, no, no, a treasure map is like treasure maps are. Don't have to be like
Mike Sackton: I'm just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Scale.
Mike Sackton: There have to be to scale, or a physical map, right like Seeker, could come up with a clever treasure map that's totally indecipherable, but looks plausible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, something right? Symbols.
Mike Sackton: Symbols. And like, you know, gates, and like clearly magical and interesting and like representing things in a weird 3D way, maybe it's clearly under what like. There's all kinds of ways. You could make a map.
Eric Rosenbaum: 3D. Because it's under water. I.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That.
Mike Sackton: It's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Material would you make a map of
Eric Rosenbaum: and underwater out of.
Eric Rosenbaum: could be a carving.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Quarrel.
Mike Sackton: There you go. Seeker can fabricate
Mike Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I just
Eric Rosenbaum: snap it into existence. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Like his expert thing.
Mike Sackton: It just. It has to be clever and crazy looking so that an Intel somebody could spend a while trying to decipher it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: And not succeed. Cause there's nothing to decipher, but it has to look plausible.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are we claiming?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the Trish.
Mike Sackton: We don't ask.
Eric Rosenbaum: Say, obviously, the 2.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, we don't have to know right? We just know that it's pressure
Mike Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So so maybe there's it's coral carved to look like
Eric Rosenbaum: what the seabed or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: and there's embedded in it a tiny.
Eric Rosenbaum: sparkling, precious stone.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like bleached white coral, and there's a.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Opal embedded honors.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we we got the map from, you know.
Mike Sackton: somebody in.
Mike Sackton: I don't know. Somewhere far away, right? Like we don't necessarily wanna say we're from Chardon
Mike Sackton: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: So I use performance of creation to.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: We got the map from
Mike Sackton: somebody in a warrior
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: we've sailed
Mike Sackton: through. We've come through here right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That only lasts for 5 h.
Mike Sackton: Performance of creation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: You can't make it permanent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Today today.
Tim Sackton: No performance of creation is not permanent.
Mike Sackton: But I mean, can somebody must be able to create a permanent thing right? Can't resume, create a permanent thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could go with like carved stuff. We've done that before.
Mike Sackton: Literally carve carl corral right? Like.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: right? Hey?
Kate Sackton: Little bit more time.
Mike Sackton: Okay, we're not a rush.
Mike Sackton: We don't have to show somebody the map right away right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll magically make the reference object, and then we can.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Enduring, one.
Mike Sackton: Am.
Mike Sackton: And then we just need a story, for I mean, then we need a story, for why our crew is missing, or why we were not smart enough to hire a crew or.
Kate Sackton: I guess I could convert coral into a 3D map thing with fabricate assuming that I could have carved it if I had enough time.
Kate Sackton: How long do we need this coral map to survive
Kate Sackton: performance of creation? And then it disappears.
Mike Sackton: I mean, in theory.
Mike Sackton: there's no reason to think we'll need to show it to anybody necessarily at all right. It's just.
Kate Sackton: It's our secret treasure map.
Mike Sackton: Good to have.
Mike Sackton: It gives depth to our cover story right.
Kate Sackton: Speaker, do you have fabricate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So
Tim Sackton: as you
Tim Sackton: make dinner and
Tim Sackton: settle in.
Tim Sackton: presumably on the shore, there's not really a lot of there's not really enough space for you to sleep on the boat.
Tim Sackton: That's too small.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. And I will cast a listenary train.
Tim Sackton: Guy, mark!
Mike Sackton: Just to make the I don't know. The
Mike Sackton: beach look
Mike Sackton: like a beach honestly. Just cast an illusionary train to just make it look.
Tim Sackton: Like it's.
Mike Sackton: Deliberate right, but.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: So hide us.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's helpful.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you go to sleep.
Tim Sackton: get your rest.
Tim Sackton: and in the morning unfold the boat.
Tim Sackton: break down camp.
Tim Sackton: and.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: decision time
Mike Sackton: do we win? Try and Wimp in
Mike Sackton: to town with the big boat
Mike Sackton: with some.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like noticeably struggling to sail it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Or okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean, any of you could row as long as Bobby's the one steering. It's just not gonna go super fast.
Mike Sackton: The big boat.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: is it a reset to the ones.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I didn't realize it was a galley.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's 5 sets of ores on a sale.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Tim Sackton: But obviously you travel faster under sale, and you need a you need at least a couple of you know.
Tim Sackton: 4 or 5 proficient
Tim Sackton: sailors to navigate it under cell. So
Tim Sackton: actually, you're all really weak. I'm not sure of anybody other than whiz. We can actually.
Tim Sackton: Robert Howard.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can row, but it's gonna be. I mean, you're really limping.
Kate Sackton: But risk when and while we can't fill it by themselves, even if we're temporarily becomes a good sailor.
Kate Sackton: because it's just 2 people.
UU Church of Boulder: To queue.
Kate Sackton: I'm just understanding the size of the boat. I'm not arguing.
Tim Sackton: The the boat is like
Tim Sackton: 24 feet long.
Tim Sackton: 8 feet wide, 6 feet deep.
Tim Sackton: with a cabin, a mast of the square sale.
Tim Sackton: I I mean, you'd be okay as long as nothing goes wrong.
Mike Sackton: I was. Gonna say, 2 people could totally sell a 20. That's not that big of a boat.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: As long as nothing goes wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's not. Let's do it.
Mike Sackton: But actually.
Mike Sackton: we don't need. I mean not. We're really just looking for. 2 crew met 2 crew people right like probably
Mike Sackton: or 3,
Mike Sackton: but 2 would probably be plenty.
Tim Sackton: It depends on whether you want to sell
Tim Sackton: 24 HA day or not.
Tim Sackton: and it depends on whether seeker is gonna create a magical duplicate of wellbeing like if you had a if you had a doppel wellbe and 2, and
Tim Sackton: to crew like
Tim Sackton: yes, you could technically sale 24 HA day with
Tim Sackton: one crew plus wellbee on 12 h shifts of Doppelby.
Tim Sackton: But you're asking a lot of the crew, and
Tim Sackton: you have no margin for error. Right? It'd be a lot more comfortable to have
Tim Sackton: 2 or 3 people who know how to sail in
Tim Sackton: 8 h shifts rather than one. You know one person who knows how to sail every for 12 h shifts right? So like, if you really wanna efficiently go
Tim Sackton: 24 HA day.
Mike Sackton: Do we actually? Are we trying to sell 24 HA day.
UU Church of Boulder: I think speed is of the essence, and also like that tells the story. Right there. We're treasure hunters. We're headed up the coast.
UU Church of Boulder: We want to move faster than this piddling little base.
Mike Sackton: There's a rumor so it could just be. But there's a rumor we've we've
Mike Sackton: got some intelligence that somebody else might be hunting the treasure.
Mike Sackton: And the.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Mike Sackton: So we're paying good money for crew
Mike Sackton: because we've been
Mike Sackton: staff that, you know we've been selling with just the 2 of us. You know we've been
Mike Sackton: cause.
Mike Sackton: Actually, that's a good cover story, right? We've been. We've been just piddling along camping every night.
Mike Sackton: you know.
Mike Sackton: just just to. We only have 2 sail right? Only 2 of us are proficient sellers riz going to be magically be proficient if she needs to fake it right.
Mike Sackton: And we really need some.
Mike Sackton: But we can't. You know, we we need to move fast now, cause there's a rumor. Somebody's, you know. We're we're worried.
Mike Sackton: We've discovered that there's another group that somebody else also has the map or something, right or.
Eric Rosenbaum: So can we, Rick Conn? That that secret did do the overnight
Eric Rosenbaum: simulacrim cast.
Tim Sackton: so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no! It.
Tim Sackton: It's 12 h.
Eric Rosenbaum: As I can't like.
Eric Rosenbaum: I need to do it during the day. Basically.
Tim Sackton: So 2 things, one, you could do it overnight.
Tim Sackton: You could do it overnight, but you don't get a long laugh.
Tim Sackton: so you'd be you'd have exhaustion.
Tim Sackton: also keep in mind that if it's an exact duplicate, so there will be 2
Tim Sackton: identical twin wellbees.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, so there it's his brother
Eric Rosenbaum: will come up.
Tim Sackton: Way.
Mike Sackton: Does this identical? Well be like?
Mike Sackton: Do you control it, or does it think like, Well, be.
Mike Sackton: are we getting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Into, met.
Mike Sackton: Physics. Of what does it mean to be well-being.
Tim Sackton: No, it's not. It's just made of snow.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: Like it not.
Mike Sackton: Not gonna like actual wellbe and be like I'm the real wellbe now.
Tim Sackton: It's made.
UU Church of Boulder: Snow.
Tim Sackton: So, and.
UU Church of Boulder: That is super suspicious right there.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, I don't know. It's.
Tim Sackton: But it's
Tim Sackton: she kissed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gonna eat it.
Tim Sackton: Seekers, not not God, please, but seeker controls, it does whatever seeker says.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's friendly.
Tim Sackton: Only has half. Well, these hit points.
Tim Sackton: and it can't regain it. Can't heal it. It never
Tim Sackton: like.
Tim Sackton: If it takes damage, it never heals, it never regains abilities. It can't rest. It just keeps going
Tim Sackton: forever until it melts away into snow again.
UU Church of Boulder: Is it the same proficiencies and attributes.
Tim Sackton: Same proficiency, same class abilities, same skills.
UU Church of Boulder: Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: I had no idea this was going to be useful all of a sudden for sailing, but I'm glad I took the spell.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: But you'd have to find some rubies to grind up to, because it requires 1,500 Gp. Of ruby desk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, wait! Wait! That's an issue. We don't have a ton of rubies.
Tim Sackton: I believe you, in fact, did get 3 rubies from.
Kate Sackton: Speed.
Tim Sackton: Voter or vinegar.
Kate Sackton: 7, of.
Tim Sackton: Kevin, yeah.
Mike Sackton: True.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we'll grind that short. Yeah, perfect.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'm not against this plan. Do we actually.
Kate Sackton: It, anyway.
Mike Sackton: Eat it.
Mike Sackton: Do we really need an overnight wellbe and a day? Well, be.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, if we're hiring sailors, doesn't that solve the problem for us? Right there.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, you need to hire a first make it that you trust and navigate when you're sleeping.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we? Why don't we
Mike Sackton: see who we hire first?
Eric Rosenbaum: Didn't. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I agree, simulated. Well, based skill will be higher than likely anybody we could possibly find. But.
Tim Sackton: So for sure, right? But if we can get emulated well, be would roll. Have a minimum. 20 role
Tim Sackton: on anything. Normal sailor is not getting that good.
Mike Sackton: We can get a decent first mate and
Mike Sackton: re or recru right?
Mike Sackton: Then
Mike Sackton: we're probably
Mike Sackton: okay, right? If we don't trust the first mate, or can only find 2 crew.
Mike Sackton: then we probably need to simulate it. Well be
Mike Sackton: but but I mean.
Mike Sackton: I guess it gets a little suspicious to be like.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, we
Mike Sackton: but.
Kate Sackton: Didn't mention our twin brother.
Mike Sackton: We? But I mean, why would we? Right like? It's fine with those cabins right like
Mike Sackton: it's it like somebody wakes up in the morning. And there's the the person like it's not like we're gonna necessarily gonna introduce the whole crew right like you. We could. We could cover that. There might be a little weird cause there made us know, but, like presumably.
Tim Sackton: No, no, they look like well.
Mike Sackton: They look like. Well, be.
Tim Sackton: I believe.
Mike Sackton: We'll have to get the well, be duplicate to like
Mike Sackton: cut their hair differently, or something, so we could tell them apart. But.
Eric Rosenbaum: Definitely do that.
Mike Sackton: Hate the toenail. Red.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, well, he's a little creeped out.
Tim Sackton: Pass
Tim Sackton: well be also has to be well. Be has to be sitting next to you for the entire duration of the casting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: we can't sit.
Tim Sackton: Shape an illusory duplicate of one beast or humanoid that is within range for the entire casting time of the spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's range touch.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use the glove to expand.
Tim Sackton: Computer is the same as the original, but as half
Tim Sackton: hit points, and it's formed without any equipment.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Let's let's sail into town and
Mike Sackton: see what we learned.
Mike Sackton: There's a chart.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you can repair it, but it costs a hundred gold per hit point. It regains.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, for sure.
Tim Sackton: Quite a pricey repair.
Mike Sackton: There is a Chardonian Legion in town, so should we should be a little bit careful.
UU Church of Boulder: Little bit.
Kate Sackton: Hi! Is there a charter.
UU Church of Boulder: In.
Mike Sackton: Hunting terrorists, presumably
Mike Sackton: dealt with, has learned how to disguise himself very well, though.
Mike Sackton: like change his appearance
Mike Sackton: so it might be worth.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I
Mike Sackton: could go.
Mike Sackton: They won't
Mike Sackton: recognized me for sure.
Mike Sackton: of course, slightly awkward. When the people we hire like what happened to the guy who hired us, so he's gone.
Mike Sackton: But whatever right.
Kate Sackton: You were just trying to put those other treasure hunters off our trail.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, oh, there you go, perfect.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Mike Sackton: But I don't know somebody else who is
Mike Sackton: I don't know if there's somebody else who feels comfortable with their mundane disguise abilities. Who wants to come into town
Mike Sackton: with me.
Tim Sackton: You're currently sailing the big boat into town, which is about 10 miles back east.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: correct.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pencils will come.
UU Church of Boulder: We're sailing the boat into town. We're not just sending you individually down the coast like.
Mike Sackton: We should probably stop.
Mike Sackton: probably shouldn't sail straight into the harbor. But
Mike Sackton: we don't want to be too far away. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Are there like when we're like 2 miles from town? Are there like tracks along the shore like? Is there a cove and a walking path?
UU Church of Boulder: Smuggler stuck here.
Tim Sackton: Time
Tim Sackton: pretty much, only
Tim Sackton: east of the town, not west of the town.
Tim Sackton: like it's I mean there's little coves, but
Tim Sackton: I mean theoretically. Yes, you could
Tim Sackton: docket a Co. Scramble your way up.
Tim Sackton: walk along the
Tim Sackton: shoreline. That's certainly
Tim Sackton: I mean, of course, you could do that. There's not like established
Tim Sackton: trails or roads, or anything.
Mike Sackton: I would do that, I think. What's better, we're better off doing that. Actually.
Kate Sackton: Of them do we need?
Kate Sackton: When do we need? When do we need the big boat to be big.
Mike Sackton: It's already big.
Kate Sackton: Oh, it's big now. Fine.
Mike Sackton: This morning. Okay.
Mike Sackton: here's the system.
Kate Sackton: Morning. We am big in this boat this.
Mike Sackton: Morning we envisioned the boat, and we sailed
Mike Sackton: 8 miles or so back along the coast. That's probably what an hour and a half
Mike Sackton: or something.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So.
Tim Sackton: Something like that.
Mike Sackton: And when we got sort of
Mike Sackton: not quite like, obviously within sight of town, right? We're hugging the coast
Mike Sackton: when we're close to town, but not like.
Mike Sackton: hey! The town can see the boat close. We find a little cove with a notch here, cliff
Mike Sackton: and Deleth and Kenzo, I guess. Scramble up to the
Mike Sackton: how are you not going to get recognized Kenza? Do you have a disguise? Ability.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can, can I? I can do like kind of can trippy things right. But that's more like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: temporary.
Tim Sackton: You don't have any disguisability.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And maybe not me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, the 2 terrorists probably shouldn't be the 2.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, that's right. We are the 2 terrorists. Fine.
UU Church of Boulder: Anna.
Kate Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I can go by south. It's fine. Does our telepathy last that range.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, what's the ring?
Tim Sackton: So unlimited, rain out.
Mike Sackton: Once you set up.
Tim Sackton: Lasts, for it only lasts for
Tim Sackton: an hour.
Tim Sackton: Then you have to recast that
Tim Sackton: Brett.
Tim Sackton: which is easy to do if you're sailing, but is not possible. If see, there's not next to you.
Mike Sackton: It's 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Have an hour.
Mike Sackton: That's okay. My disguise only last an hour, anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect. I can.
Mike Sackton: Recast it if I have to.
Tim Sackton: Right? So
Tim Sackton: okay, so even at a even at a
Tim Sackton: pretty good jog, you're gonna spend half of that time getting to town. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I guess I'm probably gonna have to recast it. That's annoying.
Mike Sackton: It's no no, not knowing that after he cast annoying him it was telepathy. But that's okay. That'll be fine.
Tim Sackton: so you, as you approach from the cliff side, you can see
Tim Sackton: basically what you saw before. The town's like fairly quiet in the morning.
Tim Sackton: It seems like most of the
Tim Sackton: fishing boats have probably gone out
Tim Sackton: offshore to fish to the extent to which there's people going out today and
Tim Sackton: not a ton of activity. It's a pretty small town, and and
Tim Sackton: you know. Now, having a better view of the whole place. It's
Tim Sackton: you know it's a bit of a backliner right like there's some.
Tim Sackton: you know, the docs are
Tim Sackton: certainly functional, and you know there's a little cluster of buildings along the coast, and then
Tim Sackton: stone buildings. That kind of go up the cliffs a little bit. But
Tim Sackton: A lot of the, you know. Roofs are in poor repair a lot of the
Tim Sackton: omni.
Tim Sackton: You know this is this doesn't feel to you like a particularly rich or.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Prosperous town.
Tim Sackton: So you kind of make your way. Pick your way down the rocks into the sort of main square.
Tim Sackton: definitely getting some looks.
Tim Sackton: It's small enough that everybody kinda knows everybody in town.
Tim Sackton: so you know
Tim Sackton: them
Tim Sackton: rumor, or the sort of chatter starts going around like, oh, there's a stranger in town.
Tim Sackton: It's big enough that you're not immediately questioned, but small enough that it's obvious you're not like
Tim Sackton: from here.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: a
Mike Sackton: so I mean I'll
Mike Sackton: look around right like I'm is there like in in a watering hole a gathering place near the docks. Maybe. Are there any bigger? But I mean it's all fishing boats.
Tim Sackton: There's there's
Tim Sackton: to
Tim Sackton: bigger boats in town.
Tim Sackton: One acre and a little way off the other.
Tim Sackton: Hold up with the docs.
Tim Sackton: Neither huge, neither looks like a naval ship.
Mike Sackton: I will. Yeah, I mean.
Tim Sackton: There's there's an end. It's it's it's basically a you know, one in town. But
Tim Sackton: you know there are ships that come in, and there's, you know, the sailors.
Mike Sackton: And is there like a
Mike Sackton: harbermaster, or anything like other people around the docks? Or is it all pretty quiet.
Tim Sackton: So it looks like the ship that's
Tim Sackton: docked is currently like loading. There's like dock hands that look like they're loading
Tim Sackton: some sort of salted fish
Tim Sackton: into the
Tim Sackton: into the hold.
Tim Sackton: There's not really a
Tim Sackton: it's too small for there really to be a harbor master, or anything like that right like in retrospect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like.
Tim Sackton: Seeing the town and walking through it in day like you guess, although if all the buildings are repaired and everything was in good shape
Tim Sackton: this town. Could, you know, fit a thousand people? There's probably not more than 600 people that live here.
Mike Sackton: so I'll
Mike Sackton: go to the
Mike Sackton: in. I mean the.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: That.
Tim Sackton: Basically your buildings are, you can go to the
Tim Sackton: there's a mass, Numa temple
Tim Sackton: there's an in.
Tim Sackton: There's like bothering the dock hands.
Tim Sackton: there's people's houses. There's like a main square that has like a little bit of a mark at.
Mike Sackton: I'll start at the end. I mean, I I don't need to like play out every moment in detail, but the basic idea is to
Mike Sackton: kind of spend money right? I brought a bunch of gold. I don't know. We have tons of gold, right?
Mike Sackton: lots of mixed coins, right? So I can. I mean pay out silver, not just gold,
Mike Sackton: and sort of start spreading the story that
Mike Sackton: I'm not gonna outright. Be like we're treasure hunters. I'm looking to hire people right like be a little mystery deal with a plate a little mysteriously right like. Oh, I'm looking to hire, you know. Do you know of any
Mike Sackton: sailors who might be interested in a big payday? Right?
Mike Sackton: And then, if people are like Yes, be like, you know, or what's this about kind of dribble out information like.
Mike Sackton: Ow.
Mike Sackton: you know.
Mike Sackton: we're in a hurry, and our crew is too small to go fast right.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: And.
Tim Sackton: Password.
Mike Sackton: Weed people on a little bit to just try and get.
Mike Sackton: but start with the start, start at the end.
Mike Sackton: buy something immediately, right like and spend money right like. So I'll buy and
Mike Sackton: breakfast or and overpay for it right?
Mike Sackton: I'm.
Tim Sackton: Make a make just a persuasion check just to sort of generally capture your
Tim Sackton: vibe.
Tim Sackton: So you spend a little a little. Wait a little while, maybe an hour or so, just kind of
Tim Sackton: sitting in the end.
Mike Sackton: I will recast, alter self as I do. By the way.
Tim Sackton: Okay. I mean, I'll know.
Mike Sackton: Asked it before it expires. So it.
Tim Sackton: Right, right.
Mike Sackton: But I don't drop it. And I took subtle spouse, and nobody will know I'm casting it.
Tim Sackton: Right?
Tim Sackton: so yeah, you you you end up recasting it once and and after maybe
Tim Sackton: an hour in town.
Tim Sackton: you're not. I mean, the in is quiet. You're not getting a lot of bites.
Tim Sackton: Eventually, it seems like the in caper takes pity on you, and
Tim Sackton: you know, comes over and is basically like.
Tim Sackton: you know, you're not gonna find a lot of sailors here.
Tim Sackton: anybody who wasn't
Tim Sackton: pressed into the Navy
Tim Sackton: 2 days ago.
Tim Sackton: Probably not somebody you want sailing on your ships, anyway.
Tim Sackton: less you can get. It's one of those half lengths to join your crew.
Mike Sackton: Half lengths.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. That boat out in the harbor. They don't usually come this far West.
Tim Sackton: not sure what. They're interested in
Tim Sackton: stocking up provisions, not sure where they're sailing to.
Mike Sackton: Della fall way up of the day. We'll ask a bit more about the navy. Right? They're pressing
Mike Sackton: all up and down the coast.
Tim Sackton: Don't usually go much far west of here.
Tim Sackton: Sailing's a bit tricky until you get to Castrella.
Mike Sackton: How far is that?
Tim Sackton: 2 days, if
Tim Sackton: you know the winds and the waters.
Tim Sackton: maybe less. If you're good.
Tim Sackton: The next big town West.
Mike Sackton: Is there. I'll ask if there's any
Mike Sackton: old sailor
Mike Sackton: not
Mike Sackton: healthy enough for able enough to to be pressed. But who knows the winds in the waters.
Mike Sackton: who might be willing to pilot us to the next town if the halflings won't help.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I can ask around.
Tim Sackton: not sure anybody will want to go off with a stranger in these trying times, but
Tim Sackton: got someone in mind. Actually.
Tim Sackton: let me think on in a moment.
Tim Sackton: Really, though.
Tim Sackton: get West, if you're looking for crew, then
Tim Sackton: something's in the air, I think.
Tim Sackton: preparing to blockade the canal, or something like that
Tim Sackton: lot of chefs
Tim Sackton: heading in that direction.
Mike Sackton: And we saw some.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Sale much past here for crew, because
Tim Sackton: takes them too much time to get back there. But right
Tim Sackton: big trouble.
Mike Sackton: Yeah up.
Mike Sackton: I'll spend a little bit of time just chatting and trying to get more rumors right, but not.
Tim Sackton: You are still in town this evening.
Mike Sackton: Hopefully, not. Honestly, we have
Mike Sackton: we have a
Mike Sackton: a deadline.
Mike Sackton: What's happening this, even.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, you know, Martino might be interested.
Tim Sackton: Piloting
Tim Sackton: doesn't sound much these days. He
Tim Sackton: hurt his hand
Tim Sackton: fishing accident
Tim Sackton: 5 years ago now, but
Tim Sackton: to hike up up into the hills to fetch him and
Tim Sackton: think he gets bored might be interested in your offer.
Mike Sackton: Where up in the hills is he?
Tim Sackton: Sort of waves his hand up that way
Tim Sackton: like clearly he lives neerish this.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: he's pointing in a direction you could probably find with me.
Mike Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: I will try and get some information, so that if I hiked up there myself I could introduce myself and like it wouldn't be.
Mike Sackton: You know this guy's name. He'll tell me where
Mike Sackton: you know I could be like session. Such! Send me
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: You know, said you might be interested in a job. Blah blah blah, but I wanna go see what the half wing story is. First.
Tim Sackton: Our guy.
Mike Sackton: Although now I can't. I can't really talk to any of you guys right? Like everybody's telehealth telephony is gone.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Well.
Kate Sackton: I. This one was thinking of sending since you've been gone kind of long.
Tim Sackton: But okay.
Tim Sackton: so I just that question should be like.
Kate Sackton: How's it going.
Mike Sackton: Halfling boat.
Mike Sackton: What should I ask them?
Mike Sackton: And.
Tim Sackton: Now you have to cast it again to.
Mike Sackton: Plus wait. I'm not done. Sam also.
Tim Sackton: I got it.
Mike Sackton: Also possible pilot up in the hills. No sailors.
Kate Sackton: Alright. So Chris went in, seeker and
Kate Sackton: well being.
Kate Sackton: and so talk about
Kate Sackton: the news, and
Kate Sackton: Richard prepares to pass any helpful suggestions from Weldi onto
Kate Sackton: Selwith.
UU Church of Boulder: I think we should just
UU Church of Boulder: sail over to the boat and
UU Church of Boulder: chat with them directly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Kate Sackton: Alright. So we're coming.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now that we know their Haslinks.
Eric Rosenbaum: is there a way we can announce our presence as a pathling
Eric Rosenbaum: crew?
Kate Sackton: Yeah. The half-link flag.
UU Church of Boulder: Once once we get closer.
Eric Rosenbaum: We are hassling with the claims.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Will be is that
Kate Sackton: just hoist them up.
Tim Sackton: But main vast.
Kate Sackton: Why we need to make smell these.
Kate Sackton: Well, something needs to happen. But.
Tim Sackton: So.
Kate Sackton: Hi.
Tim Sackton: On this news. Are you reporting this back via second sending spell that
Tim Sackton: you should probably keep track of your spell slots, even though
Tim Sackton: there's only a small chance. It'll matter.
Tim Sackton: you're casting a second sending to alert dealt with that. You're.
Kate Sackton: Care.
Tim Sackton: Traveling this way.
Mike Sackton: And how long.
Mike Sackton: It's hard.
Kate Sackton: To
Kate Sackton: have him not worry.
Mike Sackton: How long will it take
Mike Sackton: you guys to? What did it take them to get here? I mean.
Mike Sackton: how long would it take me to. I can't be that far to hike up to Martinez right.
Tim Sackton: No, I'll probably take you
Tim Sackton: 20 min. I mean, obviously, this guy was just like, I'm not gonna drop everything until
Tim Sackton: hike right this second, but like I can send a message, you know.
Mike Sackton: I. While they're selling at. While they're doing this I will hike up and talk to Martina.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Okay? And it's not. I mean to getting 2 miles
Tim Sackton: well, especially if risen is proficient sizing herself.
Kate Sackton: Jerry Alpert.
Kate Sackton: myself.
Tim Sackton: Or at least just rowing. If you're all just rowing.
Tim Sackton: you can travel 2 miles in about
Tim Sackton: for half.
Kate Sackton: Tell me whether I'm spending a second level spell slide or not.
Tim Sackton: I you could just row if you want right.
Mike Sackton: Did I see any sign of Chardonian legions? By the way, you said I saw them last night, but are they not around this morning or.
Tim Sackton: not. Nobody obvious
Tim Sackton: around when you walked into the inn
Tim Sackton: doesn't seem to be
Tim Sackton: a major presence
Tim Sackton: But they had been
Tim Sackton: recruiting sailors and left on a small boat. You might not have seen a shift if it was anchored
Tim Sackton: around a corner or something last night.
Kate Sackton: But didn't you say you saw 2 bigger ships last night.
Kate Sackton: one of which we've identified as the happenings like.
Mike Sackton: There's a salt. There's a boat loading salt cod.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: That's the.
Mike Sackton: I you should switch over to these. I mean, I we don't have to. I'm just gonna hire hire.
Tim Sackton: Sorry.
Mike Sackton: You know, if they'll if they'll come.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you're hanging up to Martino. The rest of you are sailing.
Tim Sackton: So when you get close.
Tim Sackton: you can see the chef. It's a
Tim Sackton: it's a reasonably
Tim Sackton: So you've seen a lot of ships like this. It's sort of similar in design to like the emerald song or something else that you've been on. It's a
Tim Sackton: fairly sleek, well designed sailing ship, with
Tim Sackton: couple of sales like a little bit bigger, substantially bigger, like maybe
Tim Sackton: twice as big as your 20 foot boat.
Tim Sackton: It's not a huge boat, right? It's not. It's not the size of the emerald song, or anything like that. It's definitely a smaller.
Tim Sackton: possibly faster and more maneuverable ship.
Tim Sackton: So what are you doing as you approach.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll sort of like hail the captain remainder, whoever I can see on deck telepathically, and come out and give him a wave and ask, come aboard.
Tim Sackton: So you see on deck what
Tim Sackton: seems to be the captain?
Tim Sackton: She is a sort of stout halfling, wearing a
Tim Sackton: wide brimmed hat.
Tim Sackton: green green cloak like nice boots.
Tim Sackton: Pearly.
Tim Sackton: brownish hair underneath the hat.
Tim Sackton: smile on her face. Just kind of working out over the rail, and when she realized you're a half wing, she like gives you a big wave, and you can see the ships called the Summers Breeze. It seems the ship seems
Tim Sackton: pretty quiet actually
Tim Sackton: not
Tim Sackton: anyway. She gives you a wave
Tim Sackton: kind of like signaling you coming here. Am I coming? There.
UU Church of Boulder: Come up!
Tim Sackton: Our guy.
UU Church of Boulder: They'll climb up board, and like we'll tire a little ship against theirs and
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: She gives you a little bow with her hat. She introduces herself.
Tim Sackton: have agreed, though at your service.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, be good, Beryl. It is a pleasure I'm
UU Church of Boulder: heading
UU Church of Boulder: around the Cape with my friends here, who have proven to be really
UU Church of Boulder: deeply incompetent sailors.
UU Church of Boulder: and looking for a better crew than them.
UU Church of Boulder: I wonder if
UU Church of Boulder: there.
Tim Sackton: Hope they're good at something.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, they're very good at finding treasure and killing the things that have it, which is what we're about. Really.
Tim Sackton: Sounds like a fun adventure.
UU Church of Boulder: It. I I hate
UU Church of Boulder: I I can't even begin to tell you.
UU Church of Boulder: I can't even begin to tell you so. I'm not.
UU Church of Boulder: W. How about you? Where? Where are you bound? Strange things seem a foot in this bay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, we're heading up the coast.
Tim Sackton: not really sure, I guess.
Tim Sackton: I guess. Probably Castella is next
Tim Sackton: from there, we'll see. Might go
Tim Sackton: further north up to Anticus, or somewhere like that.
Tim Sackton: See what you know. The wins and the
Tim Sackton: feel in the air takes us.
Tim Sackton: This town is a bit
Tim Sackton: doll
Tim Sackton: we just stopped, except
Tim Sackton: well, we needed a few more casks of the ale.
Tim Sackton: What.
UU Church of Boulder: Would this team ship go faster than ours?
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, definitely.
UU Church of Boulder: guess what I'm trying to get.
Kate Sackton: Boat!
Kate Sackton: I was thinking the same thing.
Kate Sackton: We just passengers again. We're good at passengers.
Kate Sackton: Look.
UU Church of Boulder: What if?
UU Church of Boulder: What if? And hear me out? Cause this is gonna sound like a wild idea for just a minute?
UU Church of Boulder: What if, instead of going north up the coast. You go west up the coast.
Tim Sackton: Mmm.
Tim Sackton: maybe
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: North and west. The same direction right here.
UU Church of Boulder: Admin
UU Church of Boulder: northeast versus North. What.
Tim Sackton: She meant that she was gonna sail up to Castella, and then cut across the
Tim Sackton: the bay
Tim Sackton: north up the coast.
Eric Rosenbaum: I say.
Tim Sackton: Angela is the next town. It's like I don't know here or so.
Mike Sackton: So, and I I get it. I get it. I get it.
UU Church of Boulder: Like we're
UU Church of Boulder: we're looking for some sort of like a mermaid garden in a
UU Church of Boulder: deep well beyond the point. And
UU Church of Boulder: we're trying to get there in this thing.
UU Church of Boulder: and point to a little boat.
UU Church of Boulder: we could make it worth your while.
Tim Sackton: interesting.
Tim Sackton: I can definitely take you as far as Castella.
Tim Sackton: I guess I just gotta see when you get there. I mean.
Tim Sackton: Rajana's an interesting city.
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: Hell of a story! And you know.
UU Church of Boulder: the only thing is we're in a bit of a rush, and I I don't know if that works with your schedule.
Tim Sackton: Well, my crews are all hung over right now.
UU Church of Boulder: We can probably help with that.
UU Church of Boulder: We've got some healing among us.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: I mean we can go fast if we need to. We don't
Tim Sackton: tend to need to
Tim Sackton: like, I said. We can get you to, Costella, if that is
Tim Sackton: but really I, you know.
Tim Sackton: can't promise we're gonna go after that till I talk to everybody, I mean.
Tim Sackton: and the.
UU Church of Boulder: This is fair.
UU Church of Boulder: and I wouldn't.
UU Church of Boulder: I wouldn't presume anything.
UU Church of Boulder: But what I can say is this
UU Church of Boulder: we happen to have.
UU Church of Boulder: and this is a long way from here.
UU Church of Boulder: so I don't know if it's a thing you'd actually want to do or not.
UU Church of Boulder: But we've negotiated a trading concession in Ersk.
UU Church of Boulder: So if you ever wanted
UU Church of Boulder: to be one of the
UU Church of Boulder: how many ships even get into Ersk
UU Church of Boulder: or
UU Church of Boulder: to trade that in turn with someone who's on the Green Sea.
UU Church of Boulder: Clearly we're not going to be doing any trading in Ersk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like it
Eric Rosenbaum: of a.
Tim Sackton: You know who would love that
Tim Sackton: Milo?
Tim Sackton: Wonder where he is these days?
UU Church of Boulder: I was just gonna say that.
Tim Sackton: Might be out around Rochana, or somewhere like there he's often.
Tim Sackton: Last I heard he was
Tim Sackton: trying to sail south of the sea of storms.
Tim Sackton: That was a year ago. So either he's
Tim Sackton: dad or he's made it back.
Tim Sackton: Tends to avoid the canal. Doesn't like those creepy wind colors. So if he's coming up the western coast of the peninsula.
Tim Sackton: maybe we'll find them.
Tim Sackton: He's always said, if you go far enough east you can get to the entrance to the Green Sea.
Tim Sackton: sell right around the southern edge of the continent.
UU Church of Boulder: Really.
Tim Sackton: Not sure I believe it, but
Tim Sackton: he's come back with some strange stuff.
UU Church of Boulder: Would be a person who
UU Church of Boulder: knows how to navigate around the jungles
UU Church of Boulder: south.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dream corps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I had him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting point, too.
Tim Sackton: Anyway. Once my lazy crew she stomps on the back of the boat.
Tim Sackton: rouses themselves from.
Tim Sackton: They're late night! She yells down the hatch.
Tim Sackton: hey? I'll take ya. What are you gonna do with your ship?
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, we're gonna fold it back into a box again.
Tim Sackton: Wow! That is something I'd like to see.
UU Church of Boulder: It's
UU Church of Boulder: pretty cool.
Tim Sackton: Meanwhile
Tim Sackton: deal with unaware of you hiring vd
Tim Sackton: yourself artist crew for the halflings
Tim Sackton: approaches the house of Martino.
Tim Sackton: An old
Tim Sackton: sailor pans skin he's sitting. He's sitting on his
Tim Sackton: do, basically looking out like
Tim Sackton: Bab
Tim Sackton: whittling something. And you can see that his left hand is sort of like
Tim Sackton: badly injured like he's got a scar down the middle, and it doesn't really move
Tim Sackton: right hand. Seems fine. I mean he's whittling with his right hand
Tim Sackton: tangled gray beard, and looks up as as dealt with approaches.
Tim Sackton: looks suspiciously. It dealt with, is deal with the purchase.
Mike Sackton: I'll shout out.
Tim Sackton: Who are youing.
Mike Sackton: When I'm a little ways away I'll shout out a greeting and
Mike Sackton: talent to mention the innkeeper's name
Mike Sackton: right, whatever the innkeeper told me to tell them right like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: and that I'm
Mike Sackton: that I heard from this guy
Mike Sackton: that I'm looking for a Martino. I mean, I presume.
Mike Sackton: that you know I have a description, but I'll sort of give.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Say, that's who he is right, and then
Tim Sackton: And who's asking.
Mike Sackton: I'll introduce myself with whatever made up name
Mike Sackton: I
Mike Sackton: thought of earlier. That I've been using in town
Mike Sackton: where?
Mike Sackton: I'm part of a small group where
Mike Sackton: selling with some urgency
Mike Sackton: West
Mike Sackton: to custom
Mike Sackton: what was the name of Town Costello?
Tim Sackton: Castrella.
Mike Sackton: Castrella.
Mike Sackton: Well, we hope to go much further, but
Mike Sackton: Our chances of augmenting our crew in this
Mike Sackton: this place seem slim at best.
Mike Sackton: so we've resolved to do what we can and sell somewhere.
Mike Sackton: get somewhere bigger.
Mike Sackton: so we can hire out some more crew there.
Mike Sackton: But I heard a
Mike Sackton: from the innkeeper, you might
Mike Sackton: be interested in
Mike Sackton: helping us pilot these waters.
Tim Sackton: Am, I.
Mike Sackton: Could speed our journey a bit.
Tim Sackton: Don't sell much these days.
Tim Sackton: miss it.
Mike Sackton: How far? How far west? Do you know the coast.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Tim Sackton: few 100 miles past a straw.
Mike Sackton: You ever met a mermaid? Murph Oak
Mike Sackton: never met him. Murph.
Tim Sackton: I have not
Tim Sackton: not a song, though.
Mike Sackton: Do you know the songs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: I don't sing.
Tim Sackton: That's garage done in bell
Tim Sackton: don't quite know what I think of them.
Mike Sackton: What are your options?
Tim Sackton: Drag you to the bottom of the ocean and meet you.
Tim Sackton: rescue you from danger.
Mike Sackton: You ever heard of Murphok? Treasure.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: quite a lot.
Tim Sackton: Hunted around these parts.
Tim Sackton: The collector and Castella
Tim Sackton: pay good money.
Tim Sackton: Never did find anything to sell.
Mike Sackton: Probably didn't have a map.
Mike Sackton: That will then like act like you should just said that.
Tim Sackton: And you do.
Mike Sackton: Should have said anything. There's
Mike Sackton: can't trust too many people these days.
Tim Sackton: There's like a twinkle in his eye.
Tim Sackton: You offering a share of the treasure.
Tim Sackton: Good pilot is hard to find.
Mike Sackton: I prefer to pay cash.
Mike Sackton: pay, gold
Mike Sackton: treasure can be hard to divide.
Tim Sackton: Well, what are you offering.
Mike Sackton: I'll
Mike Sackton: flash my
Mike Sackton: purse slightly, which is, has a fair bit of gold in it.
Mike Sackton: I'm sure we can come to a
Mike Sackton: fair arrangement
Mike Sackton: depends a bit on
Mike Sackton: how far you're willing to come with us, though.
Tim Sackton: I've been keeping me here.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what what would be a reasonably.
Mike Sackton: We've hired tons of people right like what's a.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, like, I don't know how much do you want to overpay him?
Tim Sackton: A 100 gold would be like a huge thumb.
Tim Sackton: 10 gold would be like.
Tim Sackton: yeah, this guy's generous.
Tim Sackton: Depends on how many days, too. Right? Like a golden day, would be a generous but not.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: In some salary.
Mike Sackton: At.
Mike Sackton: I'll offer him
Mike Sackton: 25 gold for a week.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: can't promise
Mike Sackton: to get you back here.
Mike Sackton: If we abandoned you. I could double the offer
Mike Sackton: should be able to get back here.
Tim Sackton: Nervous of that.
Mike Sackton: 25 gold somewhere safe in Castrella or one of the other villages. We might just have to
Tim Sackton: Where are you from?
Mike Sackton: Wow! That's a funny story
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: Darba most recently, but not for some time.
Tim Sackton: You born there.
Tim Sackton: Tanari.
Mike Sackton: Now
Mike Sackton: born
Mike Sackton: nearer to the mountains
Mike Sackton: in the east.
Tim Sackton: Kind of looks.
Tim Sackton: I don't know that
Tim Sackton: not from the seat, though.
Mike Sackton: Not from the sea. Now, my companions
Mike Sackton: traveling with a halfling he knows to see quite well.
Tim Sackton: Bow.
Tim Sackton: You should have sat
Tim Sackton: from around here.
Mike Sackton: Now the green sea.
Tim Sackton: Sa
Tim Sackton: way off somewhere east, right.
Mike Sackton: As I said.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: I don't think a half one is gonna leave me stranded somewhere. So
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: let me pack a bag.
Mike Sackton: Can you meet us down in the
Mike Sackton: that coming now? Fine. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Let's go.
Tim Sackton: Give me!
Mike Sackton: Me, down.
Tim Sackton: Hour.
Mike Sackton: Meet me. Meet me at the end in an hour. I gotta go.
Tim Sackton: You got it.
Mike Sackton: I gotta go hear some songs.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you head down.
Tim Sackton: You see the ship in. You see your ship dock next to the halfling ship in the harbor.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's like lunchtime at this point.
Mike Sackton: Is there like a
Mike Sackton: I'll just
Mike Sackton: swim out to them.
Tim Sackton: I got.
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's like a launch. You can get somebody to row you.
Mike Sackton: Now I'm gonna swim underwater.
Tim Sackton: But gotcha.
Mike Sackton: The boat!
Tim Sackton: Yeah, guy.
Mike Sackton: I'll just work around with all of this.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't let
Tim Sackton: you have to pick one of those things.
Mike Sackton: No, you can change by an action.
Tim Sackton: Oh, right? Right? Right? Okay.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: so I'll when I
Mike Sackton: when there's nobody looking right, I'll just like
Mike Sackton: slip into the water. And then once I'm 3 quarter, you know. Once I'm in the water I'll turn aquatic right.
Mike Sackton: but that dealt with some underwater. You've not seen them do this before, deep underwater at the bottom of the water, and come up
Mike Sackton: by the boat
Mike Sackton: right, and climb up into the boat like not visible from town.
Mike Sackton: but with like gills and fins.
Tim Sackton: Pipa
Tim Sackton: looks at you a bit strangely.
Tim Sackton: That's one of yours.
UU Church of Boulder: Yup, yup.
UU Church of Boulder: yep.
Mike Sackton: At.
Tim Sackton: Well.
UU Church of Boulder: Deal with Pippa Pippa dealt with deal with real brief.
UU Church of Boulder: We're gonna sail.
UU Church of Boulder: They're gonna take us. They're gonna take us.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: I.
Mike Sackton: I hired a guide.
Mike Sackton: should we bring them.
UU Church of Boulder: Guess.
UU Church of Boulder: I say questioningly, looking at Pipa.
Tim Sackton: We're the mayor.
Mike Sackton: Plus
Mike Sackton: some songs about Murph. Supposedly
Mike Sackton: some guy in town knows it
Mike Sackton: thought maybe we don't know.
Tim Sackton: I don't they know any good ones here we can sing you a song.
Tim Sackton: have a stamps on the
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: deck again. Get off, lazy bones.
Tim Sackton: They want a song.
UU Church of Boulder: Have we seen any of the rest of the crew? It's been like a minute
UU Church of Boulder: like this is actually a ship crewed by half lengths, not like zombies or something.
Tim Sackton: Have not seen any of the rest of the crew, although about 5 min after Welby looks inquisitively. You can see the first
Tim Sackton: halfling like begin to
Tim Sackton: like comes up out out from the lower Dac. And like it's a it's like a
Tim Sackton: younger woman.
Tim Sackton: looks probably related to to piva
Tim Sackton: She kind of opens her eyes.
Tim Sackton: Gotta warn us next time. If you want to leave before 2 in the afternoon.
Tim Sackton: gotta go to bed before dawn.
Tim Sackton: Not all of us can go 24 h without sleep like you, Pippa.
Tim Sackton: She then looks around like.
UU Church of Boulder: And so.
Tim Sackton: Passengers.
UU Church of Boulder: You cleansing touch, or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can actually, yeah, I should be able to make them not drunk.
Tim Sackton: Sir.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo comes over and is gives out knowing like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not anymore. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know how I used to know how you feel
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gives a.
Tim Sackton: That's nice.
Tim Sackton: You do that 8 more times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why not? I'll I'll use. I'll use a like majority. I've never used the majority of my key to cure like a crucial halfling hangover. Pretty very moment.
Tim Sackton: And and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Worthy cause!
Kate Sackton: I mean.
Kate Sackton: is it.
Tim Sackton: The rest of the crew basically file off
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like, slowly.
Tim Sackton: Everybody like coming a little bit. You get the sense. It's not. It's not entirely that they're hung over. It's also like
Tim Sackton: they were like a good number of them, apparently were up until 6 or 7 in the morning.
Tim Sackton: and it's only like noon now. So
Tim Sackton: a bit short of sleep.
Tim Sackton: looking around hungrily like,
Tim Sackton: better get some food before we sell our whole bunch of chatter like
Tim Sackton: we're taking all of them
Tim Sackton: like even the weird one with gills.
Mike Sackton: The Kelsey.
Tim Sackton: Change that back. Okay?
Tim Sackton: you know, a bunch of chatter, a bunch of introductions like, I'm not gonna introduce the whole crew. But
Tim Sackton: back.
Tim Sackton: Summer's breeze is clearly a bit of a
Tim Sackton: avenue.
Tim Sackton: Not exactly a party boat, but like, you know, they're
Tim Sackton: they're not. They're not really caring. They're not. They're making money to have fun and not really making money to make money.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay, I guess we're.
Tim Sackton: I guess we're sailing.
Tim Sackton: Pivot gives a look.
Tim Sackton: Looks over at the crew,
Tim Sackton: all like, you know.
Tim Sackton: ready to sail moments after waking up, and then looks over Kenzo, and is like looks at Welby?
Tim Sackton: Can I keep him.
UU Church of Boulder: You can try.
Tim Sackton: You want a job
Tim Sackton: to Kenzel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But job.
Tim Sackton: Room Board.
Tim Sackton: As much food as we can cook. Ya.
Tim Sackton: Rare delicacy is whenever we come across on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that gives a look at wellbeing.
UU Church of Boulder: In fairness, Ken. So that is a much better offer than you currently have.
Kate Sackton: I mean, deal with Cook's rare delicacies whenever he can find them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll consider it. I'll seriously consider it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How about this? If you don't mind holding that spot for me for like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2526 days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that'd be perfect. 26 days actually hold it for 26 days. That'd be perfect.
Tim Sackton: What happens with 26 days?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just have a feeling that you know your offer will be really important, potentially on the 20 fifth day. But you know, we'll see what happens.
Tim Sackton: Hey? You know
Tim Sackton: you might still be with us in 25 days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You never know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Never know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Keep that offer open for me, though.
Tim Sackton: So you ready to go.
UU Church of Boulder: We pick up the pilot first, and then yep, head.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes, the pilot. Let's
Tim Sackton: Let's bring them on board. What harm could it do?
Tim Sackton: Aha!
Tim Sackton: Send signs a launch out
Tim Sackton: and and as they do
Tim Sackton: the you can hear the the crew down below is prepare preparing lunch.
Tim Sackton: Beginning.
Tim Sackton: Just sing a song.
Tim Sackton: Alice.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sailors, brave and true, voiceless. When the north winds blow up strong, they sing their songs. A ship sail by.
Tim Sackton: Oops. Sorry these blow up strong, steer clear of the sirens.
Tim Sackton: draw you near. Many ships sail to me surface charm, and found all within them. Dangerous sail high, you near
Tim Sackton: brave the waves, but God you sail, or the mouth of spell will be your jail. A sailor's tale is sold in grand respect the sea, and he
Tim Sackton: I watch where kelp beds license clear as the mirth of draw you near, pave the ways, but God, you sail, or the myth of spell me or jail. A sailor's tale is so end to respect the sea and safely land.
Tim Sackton: and as they finish their song they
Tim Sackton: bring up some food and set
Tim Sackton: lunch for you.
Tim Sackton: and everybody is pretty merry, and they're clearly intending to eat before they set sail. Well, you're well. The
Tim Sackton: poor guy who drew the short straws picking up the pilot.
Tim Sackton: So by
Tim Sackton: noon, by one or so
Tim Sackton: everybody's on board. Halflings are introduced. Pip is introduced to Martino Martino is impressed that you somehow manage to magically have a
Tim Sackton: off wing shift.
Tim Sackton: meanwhile.
Tim Sackton: are you dealt with? Is looking like dealt with now.
Mike Sackton: I'm not. Yeah. I mean, I'm not. Gonna keep up the disguise
Mike Sackton: constantly. It's too too difficult.
Tim Sackton: So. Martino looks extremely confused by this whole situation.
Tim Sackton: Looks around like.
Tim Sackton: where's the guy who hired me.
Mike Sackton: Dalithwell
Mike Sackton: briefly transform back into the guy and explain that there's people
Mike Sackton: after our treasure and an elf's kind of noticeable.
Mike Sackton: I couldn't take chances.
Tim Sackton: He make a person check, or maybe you don't care how much whether he actually comes with you. With this
Tim Sackton: definitely looks a bit
Tim Sackton: dubious.
Tim Sackton: It's like.
Tim Sackton: there's too many.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I think. Are you you inspiring.
Mike Sackton: I'll take inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, I guess.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: Wendy 10
Tim Sackton: that right.
Tim Sackton: roll it twice, and take the higher.
Mike Sackton: So 18, total.
Tim Sackton: He like like pauses for
Tim Sackton: a while, like
Tim Sackton: clearly weighing in his mind, but also like clearly looking at the halfling ship and being like I've never been on a halfling ship. This must be super interesting.
Tim Sackton: And it's basically like
Tim Sackton: this, seems dangerous.
Tim Sackton: Got a little extra co, a little extra coin as a
Tim Sackton: insurance against
Tim Sackton: by the risks I'm taking.
Tim Sackton: Looks like you had plenty
Tim Sackton: little bit more for a poor old seller.
Mike Sackton: I'll tell a book.
Mike Sackton: I don't mind paying you a bit more.
Mike Sackton: you're taking the risks either way
Mike Sackton: at.
Mike Sackton: If it ends badly.
Mike Sackton: the coin won't help.
Mike Sackton: Here you go, please. Sort of.
Tim Sackton: You gotta you gotta like looks at you a bit strangely like.
Tim Sackton: Are you trying to convince me to come or not?
Tim Sackton: Bye.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of the.
Tim Sackton: Like, clearly, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Just being honest with you.
Kate Sackton: Eat.
Tim Sackton: Like.
Tim Sackton: you know, a good handful of gold is pretty life changing for
Tim Sackton: him, so he's doing it.
Mike Sackton: Give them 1520 more gold. It's fine.
Tim Sackton: Sal.
Tim Sackton: you set off
Tim Sackton: selling
Tim Sackton: on the summers breeze
Tim Sackton: capped in by
Tim Sackton: by Pippa.
Tim Sackton: Martina really doesn't have much to do.
Tim Sackton: but he's spending. He's mostly spending his time just kind of hanging around like watching the haplings, just like looking.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: A bit in awe, just
Tim Sackton: clearly happy to be back on a ship
Tim Sackton: sailing into the breeze.
Tim Sackton: He!
Tim Sackton: So you you go.
Tim Sackton: you! You're making good time, and the Halfling slept late. So
Tim Sackton: they have no problem pushing into the evening.
Tim Sackton: You travel another.
Tim Sackton: you know, making making good time on
Tim Sackton: on the evening breeze.
Tim Sackton: The wind, the wind shifts a little bit as as the sun begins to set, so that it's
Tim Sackton: it's blowing up.
Tim Sackton: It's blowing
Tim Sackton: directly from the east.
Tim Sackton: and you managed to go.
Tim Sackton: You're making, you know.
Tim Sackton: 8, 9 miles an hour for for most of the afternoon.
Tim Sackton: Which is about
Tim Sackton: which is about 2,
Tim Sackton: while in
Tim Sackton: but 2 axes.
Tim Sackton: And you can see here now, you. So you've traveled up the coast far enough. That you can see. there's like a a golf or a a
Tim Sackton: a bay that cuts in. You can see that on on Rule 20, this like
Tim Sackton: thing right here.
Tim Sackton: you're basically at the mouth of this bay, and there
Tim Sackton: Castrella is at the
Tim Sackton: far end of this base. They're heading
Tim Sackton: they're heading in.
Tim Sackton: It's another 20 ish miles, but with a little convincing
Tim Sackton: the halflings are willing to get you there tonight.
Tim Sackton: It's probably another 2 or 3 h of selling.
Tim Sackton: which I assume is what you're interested in. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Mike Sackton: That's Charles, where the collector of mermaid stuff was.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: anything you wanna do at night.
UU Church of Boulder: So I think, like, well, being good fashion is just gonna launch into the story of everything that happened in Dunmar, and
UU Church of Boulder: you know what
UU Church of Boulder: they got up to since then, and sort of like no secrets from halflings
UU Church of Boulder: but partly
UU Church of Boulder: because I want them to be captivated by the idea of like
UU Church of Boulder: joining in on a grand adventure, and sailing us further up the coast, too.
Tim Sackton: Hey, Guy.
Tim Sackton: anything anybody else is doing before dawn.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So day breaks. And you see the city of Costello before you. This is a much bigger city than
Tim Sackton: what the one you were in before, which which never actually got the name. It was artifice.
Tim Sackton: Castrella is also stat like
Tim Sackton: artifice on a hill on a sort of flat ground
Tim Sackton: below the hills. But it's
Tim Sackton: it's easily
Tim Sackton: 5 times the size, right? It's at least. There's gotta be 3, 4,000 5,000 people that live here. This is a substantial town. The harbor is full.
Tim Sackton: big ships, small ships.
Tim Sackton: trading ships. Mostly you don't see any evidence of of the Chardonnian navy or anything like that. But lots of activity in the port as
Tim Sackton: as of
Tim Sackton: as day dawns
Tim Sackton: and how things are are planning on spending
Tim Sackton: at least they're they're basically planning on spending the day here.
Tim Sackton: and they'll decide
Tim Sackton: tonight whether they're going to turn north or continue west.
Tim Sackton: But you have
Tim Sackton: time to do whatever Aaron's intake like there.
Tim Sackton: They're not training here. They seem like they're pretty well
Tim Sackton: supplied.
Tim Sackton: Martino knows the city well, he's not. He wants to just hang out on the boat. He's not coming into town, but he's sailed through here many a time on his little fishing sweep back when he used to go out
Tim Sackton: fishing in the in the up the coast
Tim Sackton: more regularly.
Tim Sackton: So what do you want to do.
Mike Sackton: We should probably go talk to this
Mike Sackton: collector guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Move.
Mike Sackton: Seems like it might be useful.
Kate Sackton: Are we feeling comfortable just going out about out and about as our
Kate Sackton: group people.
Mike Sackton: Any sign those signs of Chardonians right.
Tim Sackton: No obvious signs, I'm sure, to everyone's now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think we're outside, then
Eric Rosenbaum: sphere of influence, mostly.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you
Tim Sackton: take your little boat.
Tim Sackton: head into town.
Tim Sackton: so the the way the town is laid out.
Tim Sackton: where is my, okay.
Tim Sackton: so it's like, basically, all the buildings are are all the sort of major.
Tim Sackton: Land is on a strip along the coast.
Tim Sackton: So you've got the dock. The the docs are by far the most active, right like breakwaters extending out
Tim Sackton: forming a harbor. There's nice buildings here, like some of these buildings are probably old.
Tim Sackton: found mute.
Tim Sackton: You know this town obviously has, or city obviously has, some history.
Tim Sackton: look out.
Kate Sackton: Don't work and wonder if there's any dwarves around.
Tim Sackton: Do do not seem to be any dwarves. There's no evidence of any dwarven style. Architecture. There are you? Do you see? Halflings around. You see
Tim Sackton: the occasional lizard folk
Tim Sackton: humans of all kinds.
Tim Sackton: it's a it's a pretty bustling place, I mean. So I mean, there's a market. Obviously, there's a big central market. There's old merchant houses that look like they're sort of manners wealthy.
Tim Sackton: there is a castle that's set on a slight rise, and there's a a reasonably substantial temple. Of MOS Numa.
Tim Sackton: and then there's a number like along the docks. There's a number of sailors ins
Tim Sackton: so where do you want to head.
Mike Sackton: I mean, does Martino know this person.
Tim Sackton: No, no! Martino knows of this person.
Mike Sackton: No, I mean.
Tim Sackton: And so, march, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I don't. I don't mean no personally, I mean, if we wanted to.
Tim Sackton: Go find fiscal.
Mike Sackton: Collector.
Tim Sackton: Information. Yeah, yeah. So so, Juliana Morris, she is known as a collector of.
Tim Sackton: She has a reputation, both being rich, and for buying any Murph artifacts that one
Tim Sackton: sell have to sell to her
Tim Sackton: and also, being somewhat eccentric, she probably lives in one of these old merchant houses, turned into a rich person's manner, but Martino just notes her by name and description.
Mike Sackton: Bright.
Mike Sackton: We might want to think about a slight plan before we just like, go try and knock on her door.
Kate Sackton: Mean we could just follow up.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead. I was. Gonna say, you have the boat ride from the halfling ship anchored in the harbor to the docks. Decide what you want to do.
Kate Sackton: Maybe
Kate Sackton: clearly, we look like a group of beckmen musicologists. We have to say we're interested in songs about my folk and
Kate Sackton: Kevin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sounds like it.
Kate Sackton: Some.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also like just
Eric Rosenbaum: some reason to
Eric Rosenbaum: find out where things came from, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, if we just say we're treasure hunters.
Eric Rosenbaum: maybe she'd commission us.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
UU Church of Boulder: Specifically, are we trying to find out here.
Mike Sackton: Where Murphok are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Confusions full of kelp.
Kate Sackton: not exactly sure what forest.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: We could also divide and conquer, and some people go find her, and some people just sort of
Kate Sackton: go drinking in dock bars and listen for songs.
Mike Sackton: I don't know that we're searching for songs specifically right.
Kate Sackton: Well.
Mike Sackton: We are.
Kate Sackton: Tales.
Kate Sackton: people talking about my bulk.
Kate Sackton: a.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So who? Who is doing what? As you pull up to the dock and approach
Tim Sackton: the town of the harbor of Castella.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so that's the urge to like find a nice cafe by the water. Sit down, relax.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just do your own thing.
Tim Sackton: There probably is a nice cafe actually.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that's legitimate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it? I guess it is. We've had a rough like stretch. We've like killed been killing vampires, and it's been a little crazy.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you're not like crazy to.
Kate Sackton: Only only if you chit chat with people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Kenzel will go to that. Kenza will do that, and then go find a nice little cafe, and then, you know, make some small small talk and banter with the locals. See if you can learn anything about.
Eric Rosenbaum: There!
Tim Sackton: Hi guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cafe with the view, Tim by the water.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, definitely.
Tim Sackton: And it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about?
Tim Sackton: What's everybody else doing?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm looking at my stone sensibility again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Guess there's no particular.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah. So there's the generic valuable ore 300 feet, so I could just sort of stroll around.
Tim Sackton: Trying.
Eric Rosenbaum: And right.
Tim Sackton: Highly valuable work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gyms. Well, it just helps to see like, oh, that's weird! Why would that unassigned building have tons of diamonds in it, or whatever.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not sure what to do.
Kate Sackton: Might not be the kind of collector we're looking for, but you could find some collectors.
Tim Sackton: What about anybody else?
UU Church of Boulder: Go looking for a map shop and see if I can find maps and charts the Peninsula, and get a bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hands on that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what we need to find out. Actually, yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Dealt with. Risen.
Tim Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: I guess I'll go look for the
Mike Sackton: collector person. I
Mike Sackton: I don't really know what our story is, though
Mike Sackton: I'm falling asleep, so I'm having a hard time thinking of what it should be.
Kate Sackton: yeah, I think that
Kate Sackton: we're providing health.
Eric Rosenbaum: The collector's favourite people are
Eric Rosenbaum: people that
Eric Rosenbaum: treasure hunters that sell them stuff, and wealthy.
Mike Sackton: I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: Buy stuff so we could act like the wealthy idiots.
Mike Sackton: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Stuff or.
Mike Sackton: Or we could be scouting out. I mean, we could just stick with our current plan that we have a merfolk map and be like.
Mike Sackton: we're looking for somebody
Mike Sackton: who might be interested, you know, trying to
Mike Sackton: find what we might be able to. You know.
Mike Sackton: Pre, pre pre sales activities right like this is what we're looking for. Would you be interested in buying it?
Mike Sackton: How much you know that kind of thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: In.
Mike Sackton: Maybe a buyer is better, though.
Tim Sackton: Okay. What are the doors doing? And I'll go around the room with everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think seekers should go with Dell with, because I can use our kinda knowledge to kind of like, try to understand what we're looking at, because presumably there'll be some artifact.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I have.
Tim Sackton: And Danny.
Kate Sackton: I guess. Just hanging around looking for like a
Kate Sackton: smithy craftsman like market like. See if there's like a part of town where people make things and chat with those types of folks.
Tim Sackton: Our guy.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So everybody scatters in their separate directions. I'll I'll bounce around a little bit and try and
Tim Sackton: just do short vignettes of everybody. So
Kate Sackton: Oh!
Tim Sackton: We pick up as Kenzo
Tim Sackton: strolls along the like promenade of the harbor.
Tim Sackton: Working for a a friendly cafe, and you see one that's bustling but not too bustling has a nice view out of the harbor. You can actually see from from sitting outside. There's like some waterfalls that are cascading down a cliff off to the east.
Tim Sackton: Stop!
Tim Sackton: Great great view! Pleasant atmosphere it's May. It's nice and warm. There's a bit of a sea breeze that's just picking up.
Tim Sackton: you sit down and just just kinda take in the vibe right like.
Tim Sackton: get get a nice coffee.
Tim Sackton: little pastry, or something.
Tim Sackton: And you know, just just kind of listen of it, right like, what do you pick up? What do you hear? What's the chatter?
Tim Sackton: make a
Tim Sackton: I guess.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I don't know what this would be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Etching.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just just perception. Perception is good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I roll the wine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm too. I'm too.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'm patience.
Mike Sackton: Really good, lovely.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no! There's what happens.
Tim Sackton: Bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ken Kenza Kenza noticed. There's like a there's like some like a basically like a kind of like a cigarette, or like a like some tobac like a like a smoke tobacco thing. And he's like, Huh! He hasn't, like, you know, done that in a really really long time. He's like really enjoying his like pastry, and like takes like a puff of this like tobacco, and then like immediately, is like, Oh, fuck! I shouldn't have done that. And it's like a little little like Woozy, as he's like kind of looking around trying to, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Make sense of what's going on around him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It gets like this, like nicotine rush.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, Kenza Kenza is chill, but he's not really picking up much useful information at the moment.
Tim Sackton: Weldi.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, I think Kenzo is very seriously considering this to be like hit like his. He he wants. This is this is a vibe survive out here. He likes it. He likes it up here.
Tim Sackton: We cut over to Welby, who is
Tim Sackton: poking through the market looking for a map seller right?
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: you've got a good nose. We always got a good nose for these things.
Tim Sackton: you kind of
Tim Sackton: poke your way around the the little alleys around the main market, and you can see that you you find this one shop that
Tim Sackton: unassuming. There's like only a small sign that has a little scroll on it. But you can see in the like one window that is just like a messy pile of all sorts of papers and maps and books. This is like your. You know your sort of place.
Tim Sackton: Push your way in in this this
Tim Sackton: sort of older man party man. White hair that's kind of like balding on the top,
Tim Sackton: spectacles like down on his nose, right like
Tim Sackton: peering down at something. And here's the bell ring, and he looks up. who's there
Tim Sackton: versus? I've been spectacles?
Tim Sackton: A little fellow! Yes, come in, come in. Always a pleasure to speak with one of you folk. What what can I do for you today? Selling or buying.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, a little bit of both, maybe trading.
UU Church of Boulder: I'm looking for maps of the Peninsula, and especially
UU Church of Boulder: charts of the waters around it haven't been in this direction before, I'd love to understand it better, and I'm
UU Church of Boulder: helping a group of
UU Church of Boulder: treasure hunters who, foolish though this may sound, are looking for mirfolk.
UU Church of Boulder: I don't know if Murph make maps.
Tim Sackton: No? Well, maybe
Tim Sackton: I've never seen one but there was a
Tim Sackton: guy in the market who said he was selling Murph magic.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. I don't go in for that sort of thing
Tim Sackton: Lucas's name was
Tim Sackton: or of course you could talk to Juliana.
Tim Sackton: collects all sorts of Murpho things.
Tim Sackton: But but maps!
Tim Sackton: Well, yes, of course. Maps of the Peninsula. Well, this is a
Tim Sackton: I spent all my time making songs, so I didn't draw any maps for you. But I'll I'll tell you the
Tim Sackton: the basic layout of the Peninsula. He pulls out. Well, this is a
Tim Sackton: an interesting one a humbling chart. And it's I, I think I drew one of these for
Tim Sackton: the emerald song, like the howling charts of all these navigation lines drawn all over them that mark occurrants and things.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's a
Tim Sackton: quite a ways out to the.
Tim Sackton: to the
Tim Sackton: tip.
Tim Sackton: to the far end of
Tim Sackton: path.
Tim Sackton: but solo.
Tim Sackton: the province marks it on the map like that's the province that's further northwest of where you are now like. It's a whole nother
Tim Sackton: province of the of the Empire.
Tim Sackton: He's like going on and on, telling you the story of like every place as he like.
Tim Sackton: pushes that map aside, and then, like, Oh, this one better. This like
Tim Sackton: looks off and in like, half an hour is gone. And you basically get the sense from him, like. Okay, so there's 3 main provinces on the Peninsula.
Tim Sackton: Portalia, which is where the canal is like super charted like.
Tim Sackton: That's where that's like very closely connected to charter itself.
Tim Sackton: Then there's the hills, that kind of separate Portalia from the the 2 other peninsula provinces.
Tim Sackton: and the other the Sedrano, is where you are now
Tim Sackton: and then. What's solo? Is the like
Tim Sackton: province at the very far tip?
Tim Sackton: So Toronto is is like really very coastal, like the hills in the center of the peninsula come almost to the water.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: Rozola is less so
Tim Sackton: like the Peninsula. As you go further northwest the hills flattened out, and so there's roads, and, like interior
Tim Sackton: make a lot of olive oil there. That's their main export. Main agriculture, the olive trees, some wine.
Tim Sackton: it's A. That's the agriculturally rich province so drawn as like the fishing province. Basically.
Tim Sackton: nobody really knows what's
Tim Sackton: around the western side like. Not that many people go there, but there's all sorts of stories, and he tells you like 15 different stories about
Tim Sackton: Murph sightings like he has one map he pulls out, that's all the mer folks sightings that are reported, and they're just like random dots everywhere, right like possibly not that helpful
Tim Sackton: talks for a little, you know, just going on and on and on. But you you get the basic sense from him of this like of this sort of layout of
Tim Sackton: of that, and you pulls out a few more maps. And you know it's like one one has, like a bunch of areas west of the peninsula marked with X's, and these are
Tim Sackton: shipwrecks. People say this is where
Tim Sackton: Murpho drowned the crew.
Tim Sackton: or some of the fog that made you crash.
Tim Sackton: I don't know, though.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's a lot of shipwrecks
Tim Sackton: kind of
Tim Sackton: dangerous when you get out there in the Western Ocean, though.
Tim Sackton: go off a chart and safer
Tim Sackton: definitely a lot more shipwrecks around the western side of the peninsula than here.
UU Church of Boulder: And is there any?
UU Church of Boulder: Are there any sort of charts of the currents around the western side of the peninsula?
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: You like pulls out a few like
Tim Sackton: pulls through a bunch of maps.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, not really actually
Tim Sackton: the furthest. I have a map of is tomorrow bay. And he points. That's like a a bay sort of here, just around the western point.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I
Tim Sackton: do. You want it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, and trade.
Tim Sackton: or
Tim Sackton: I'll bock them. Sell it to you.
UU Church of Boulder: A.
UU Church of Boulder: If I have duplicates of anything that you'd find interesting.
UU Church of Boulder: I have
UU Church of Boulder: Eastern Dunbar.
UU Church of Boulder: I have a portion of the Vermilion Isles.
Tim Sackton: I don't even know where that is.
UU Church of Boulder: On the eastern edge of the green sea.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's like.
Tim Sackton: That's gotta be
Tim Sackton: a year's sale from here.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, at least I've
UU Church of Boulder: I don't know. What are you looking for? I have portions of interior. Vostok.
Tim Sackton: Gotta laugh.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. I mean
Tim Sackton: I I'm
Tim Sackton: mostly do business here, you know.
UU Church of Boulder: Maybe buying the mattress is better than.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I've got lots of copies of this. I can sell it to you for
Tim Sackton: 10 gold.
UU Church of Boulder: Sure. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wow! Okay. Great.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're supposed to offer 5. Hello!
Tim Sackton: Thank you. Lovely doing business with you.
Tim Sackton: He gives you a little bow Telus is the name. If you ever
Tim Sackton: need more maps.
UU Church of Boulder: Very good.
Tim Sackton: Bribe services.
Tim Sackton: charts.
Tim Sackton: I'm here for you.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, what I really want is the western side of the peninsula, and I don't. Doesn't sound like that's gettable.
Tim Sackton: You know
Tim Sackton: not that many ships
Tim Sackton: go that way, you know, who would have a map of that?
Tim Sackton: Been a year since I've seen them.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, I know.
Tim Sackton: Silo, thistle, foot.
UU Church of Boulder: Yep.
UU Church of Boulder: Been a year since.
Tim Sackton: And never seen him
Tim Sackton: brave enough or stupid enough to sail down the western coast. But hey!
Tim Sackton: Last time he came back with some pretty amazing stuff.
UU Church of Boulder: What's the ship look like.
Tim Sackton: Called the storm Dancer.
Tim Sackton: Bright sails, yellows, and blues
Tim Sackton: triple master.
Tim Sackton: big
Tim Sackton: sturdy ship
Tim Sackton: can take.
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Can handle itself in a gale
Tim Sackton: definitely recognize it if you see it.
Tim Sackton: Massive thundercloud painted on the stern.
Tim Sackton: with a laughing face in the middle.
Tim Sackton: Well, good to know.
UU Church of Boulder: Bistlin.
UU Church of Boulder: Nice Grandpa.
Tim Sackton: Okay, my pleasure skipping over to
Tim Sackton: Juliana, after a bit of asking around, you find her your her house, and you sort of knock on
Tim Sackton: on the door, and and
Tim Sackton: servant comes and lets you in, and and you hear this yelling in
Tim Sackton: in the background like
Tim Sackton: an older woman kind of yelling it in anger at somebody like
Tim Sackton: this is
Tim Sackton: all fraudulent.
Tim Sackton: Never blacklist him, never buy anything from that scum, Lucas again.
Tim Sackton: None of this is magical at all.
Tim Sackton: Clay Murph! Magic screw him. He's never gonna sell anything in this town again.
Tim Sackton: And then like, Oh, yeah, yeah, show them in, and you're led into this.
Tim Sackton: Study
Tim Sackton: quite
Tim Sackton: quite eclectic mix of things. Juliana is a woman in her late fifties. Silver hair clearly like imported Chardonnian style, like silk robes.
Tim Sackton: elegantly dressed. A couple of silver rings on her fingers, like her hair, sort of done up with a in a bun
Tim Sackton: sort of tan blue eyes. Quiet as you as you come, and there's a a a younger man who sort of bows and backs out as as you approach.
Tim Sackton: she looks up at me, she says.
Tim Sackton: welcome! And you could see like scattered around this study there's like probably a hundred different little trinkets of various kinds, like some made of coral, some made of shell, all something like ocean related.
Tim Sackton: What is? What was your story? Your your
Tim Sackton: treasure hunters may can contact because you are hoping to have something to sell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think that's what we gotta go with.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think so.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're a
Eric Rosenbaum: we're interested in the real thing. We've we've heard that such a deal in.
Tim Sackton: Murfolk treasurer, you mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: I will pay good money for genuine Murph. Artifacts, indeed! Yes.
Tim Sackton: so much, Schlock, these days gets passed off of
Tim Sackton: Mirfo craft all fake.
Mike Sackton: How can you tell?
Tim Sackton: Oh, it's obvious if you look carefully enough.
Tim Sackton: Look at this. She holds up like a like a spiral sort of coral
Tim Sackton: pendant that's hanging on necklace.
Tim Sackton: Clearly not genuine Norfolk work.
Tim Sackton: I mean, first of all.
Tim Sackton: what is this? They never make necklaces. That's not their jewelry that's pathetic and pointless. She like just crushes it.
Tim Sackton: and if this were magical I would not be able to crush it in my hand. She froze it up and grab
Tim Sackton: scammers pathetic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker strolls over to the
Eric Rosenbaum: cabinets on the wall, holding interesting objects, and pierces in to find one that catches his eye.
Tim Sackton: The first thing that catches eye is
Tim Sackton: It almost looks like
Tim Sackton: it's it's a sphere.
Tim Sackton: like, if you like, you could twist it, and there's like it's like a mechanical something that would spin if you just twist it in the right way. There's like a latch, and like a a
Tim Sackton: gear almost like the
Tim Sackton: like a kind of like a spherical music box of some kind, but clearly with some mechanical complexity to it.
Tim Sackton: completely blue.
Eric Rosenbaum: What material.
Tim Sackton: Hard to tell. It's in a glass cabinet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look over.
Eric Rosenbaum: But may I.
Tim Sackton: Back, back, back she comes after behind your desk.
Tim Sackton: Step back, please.
Tim Sackton: was very Gallic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Course.
Tim Sackton: Stop.
Tim Sackton: She's clearly in a bad mood. She reaches, she opens the cabinet, puts on this white glove, and reaches and and lifts out this blue thing in the hand of the glove
Tim Sackton: made.
Tim Sackton: Don't rightly know what this is, in fact.
Tim Sackton: but and she's like she's wearing gloves on both hands. She like, pokes it very gently, and it ripples
Tim Sackton: almost as if it's made of a lot there.
Tim Sackton: and then goes still again. She holds it really gently, and she starts to twist it a little bit. Now she twists.
Tim Sackton: you can see that there's
Tim Sackton: it's actually not like it looks mechanical, but it's not because it turns entirely fluid as she begins to twist it on this like, does watery design begins to spout up and flow into these sort of
Tim Sackton: yeah, like, like, sort of twirling sort of confetti or something like that.
Tim Sackton: The real trick.
Tim Sackton: if you put it in seawater
Tim Sackton: turned solid.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Don't know what it is.
Tim Sackton: This is genuine Norfolk magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Clearly.
Tim Sackton: Carefully puts it back.
Tim Sackton: takes the gloves off.
Tim Sackton: and you are selling things.
Tim Sackton: Hope to sell things.
Mike Sackton: Hope, to sell.
Tim Sackton: Trust you are
Tim Sackton: more genuine
Tim Sackton: seekers of
Tim Sackton: artifacts than the
Tim Sackton: fools and sycophants who sell in the markets in this town these days.
Eric Rosenbaum: We are experienced collectors ourselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we could make an arrangement.
Tim Sackton: Do not buy site unseen.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: but
Eric Rosenbaum: reduce the area.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if you
Eric Rosenbaum: have some way
Eric Rosenbaum: to point us in the right direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: we might assure you that we won't deal with any other collector.
Tim Sackton: You're a chatter, hunters, but you don't know where to look.
Tim Sackton: Wretch!
UU Church of Boulder: I were hunted.
Tim Sackton: I love that
Tim Sackton: aspiring treasure, hunter, one might say. Well.
Tim Sackton: you have something to sell. Come back, and I'll look at it.
Mike Sackton: It's not
Mike Sackton: that we don't know where to look exactly.
Mike Sackton: that them
Mike Sackton: path is tricky to follow.
Tim Sackton: That is true.
Mike Sackton: And we're seeking
Mike Sackton: those who might
Mike Sackton: share what they know.
Mike Sackton: so that we can try and piece the pieces together.
Mike Sackton: We've
Mike Sackton: found
Mike Sackton: plenty of
Mike Sackton: treasures.
Mike Sackton: We are not new at this game.
Mike Sackton: I could show you some if it would help
Mike Sackton: convince you
Mike Sackton: they're not Norfolk treasures, though
Mike Sackton: dragon horde.
Tim Sackton: Yes, I mean the amount of magic you carry as if it's nothing. Clearly you have found treasures
Tim Sackton: not doubting that. But
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: revoke treasures are different.
Tim Sackton: G.
Eric Rosenbaum: In what way.
Tim Sackton: Have you?
Tim Sackton: Have you
Tim Sackton: spent days beneath the sea?
Tim Sackton: Can you breathe water?
Tim Sackton: Can you.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have a.
Tim Sackton: For miles.
Eric Rosenbaum: we have some tricks.
Mike Sackton: Tell us a look and see
Mike Sackton: what tricks do we have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't you have? Don't you have some some gills on you now.
Eric Rosenbaum: or you have any risks.
Kate Sackton: Listen.
Mike Sackton: I can't share them.
Eric Rosenbaum: May not matter.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: perhaps you have some thinking to do about your approach.
Mike Sackton: That was all in like war of it, or something
Mike Sackton: not.
Tim Sackton: Not a language that not turned everyone.
Mike Sackton: Not cherdown yet. Yeah, Denmari, or or.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: That are quite.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Tim Sackton: I mean she.
Mike Sackton: Erskine. It was an Erskine. It was an Ersk.
Tim Sackton: Presumably speaks common to. So, yeah.
Tim Sackton: this is a big enough city.
Tim Sackton: what
Tim Sackton: she kind of looks. I don't really know what you're asking. You want me to just tell you stuff.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you have nothing to sour, nothing to train.
Tim Sackton: very happy to buy from you. Should you show up back at my house with genuine Murphy treasure.
Mike Sackton: I was given to understand. You are quite
Mike Sackton: committed
Mike Sackton: to your collecting.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: we are
Mike Sackton: trying to unravel a puzzle
Mike Sackton: which
Mike Sackton: I cannot share too much about.
Mike Sackton: But we are here offering something in trade.
Mike Sackton: What we're offering in trade is your right of first refusal for the treasures of the murfolk. That would be fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I was trying to say before.
Mike Sackton: May not be worth anything to you, but I think.
Mike Sackton: looking at us, you are aware that
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: we have succeeded. At these quests in the past
Mike Sackton: we expect to have something to trade
Mike Sackton: ends.
Mike Sackton: Frankly.
Mike Sackton: you don't seem like the easiest person to work with.
Mike Sackton: so you shouldn't expect necessarily that you will be our first port of call.
Mike Sackton: but we're here to
Mike Sackton: negotiate
Mike Sackton: and make a deal
Mike Sackton: mutually beneficial one.
Mike Sackton: You get an opportunity to buy something new.
Mike Sackton: We get an opportunity to sell something.
Mike Sackton: What we're asking for
Mike Sackton: is, and I apologize for being so cryptic
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: whatever
Mike Sackton: you can tell us about prior successes that people have had, or whatever you can tell us about
Mike Sackton: where the kelp grows.
Tim Sackton: Make a persuasive check.
Mike Sackton: Inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration.
Mike Sackton: That's why not?
Mike Sackton: I mean, not that 19 is terrible, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little awkward and close quarters, but.
Mike Sackton: At 26.
Mike Sackton: No, it's perfect, like in the context of the conversation. It's like, you know.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Speakers quiet, I guess. A rude like literally floats over to Delta.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, that's what's awkward about it.
Mike Sackton: But it's.
Tim Sackton: I'm.
Mike Sackton: So 26 with inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean, she looks a little bit like put off by you calling her rude and
Tim Sackton: a bit like
Tim Sackton: a little bit annoyed. Just like.
Tim Sackton: but she's like, look I.
Tim Sackton: The truth is.
Tim Sackton: I'm skeptical
Tim Sackton: because it's been
Tim Sackton: more 20 years now more than 20 years
Tim Sackton: does. Anybody
Tim Sackton: has credibly
Tim Sackton: visited the Merfbook, and returned.
Eric Rosenbaum: So where did all these artifacts come from?
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: I bought up a lot of things that have been circulating for some time.
Tim Sackton: Every now and then people find things washed up on the beach during shipwrecks.
Mike Sackton: Wait a minute. When did the jade hands fragment.
Tim Sackton: At
Tim Sackton: about
Tim Sackton: 30 years ago.
Tim Sackton: and there's a lot of fakes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're saying a new
Eric Rosenbaum: cache of
Eric Rosenbaum: authentic goods could be of
Eric Rosenbaum: very high value.
Tim Sackton: Could.
Tim Sackton: But you are not the first to try.
Eric Rosenbaum: Naturally.
Eric Rosenbaum: as time grows on, and the steep increases.
Tim Sackton: With a rare few exceptions.
Tim Sackton: it's been a long time since everybody sailed around the point
Tim Sackton: and returned.
Tim Sackton: There's something out there in the endless ocean.
Tim Sackton: and for all year
Tim Sackton: obvious magic.
Tim Sackton: Forgive me if I am not totally convinced
Tim Sackton: that you, too, will return.
Tim Sackton: But none have before
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: wow.
Tim Sackton: almost none.
Tim Sackton: Milo Thistlefoot managed to sail that way, but he's been missing for a year now, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who was the last to come back 20 years ago.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I don't know. I I
Tim Sackton: don't remember. I mean
Tim Sackton: didn't used to be that rare for people people would fish off there.
Eric Rosenbaum: And fishing.
Tim Sackton: I don't know who was the last to come back.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, hmm.
Tim Sackton: but it's been a while.
Eric Rosenbaum: There anything you can reveal to us about.
Eric Rosenbaum: or buyers
Eric Rosenbaum: who's interested in this stuff
Eric Rosenbaum: that you deal with.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I don't sell.
Tim Sackton: I collect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're just
Eric Rosenbaum: a
Eric Rosenbaum: but and
Eric Rosenbaum: forgive me for
Eric Rosenbaum: my ignorance of how to run the numbers here, but it seems like you'd have a cash flow problem. Then.
Tim Sackton: My wealth does not come from my
Tim Sackton: collection, my wealth enables my collection.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: and my heart went.
Eric Rosenbaum: may ask its origin.
Eric Rosenbaum: O.
Tim Sackton: That is a boring story.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: and we'll skip right over
Eric Rosenbaum: you.
Tim Sackton: Were you gonna say something like.
Mike Sackton: I was. Gonna ask her
Mike Sackton: if she knew where the elemental C is.
Tim Sackton: There are many who say that if you
Tim Sackton: swim deep enough
Tim Sackton: the right part of the endless ocean.
Tim Sackton: you can swim to another plane. Is that what you mean?
Mike Sackton: Just a word I heard once.
Tim Sackton: Not heard that exact turn of phrase.
Tim Sackton: elemental ocean.
Mike Sackton: Water, eternal.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: there are many stories there's
Tim Sackton: vocals. I don't think any of them are true.
Tim Sackton: not bothered much with what the fisher folks saying of the mermaids
Tim Sackton: and the merfolk
Tim Sackton: see these all to
Tim Sackton: disconnected from hard
Tim Sackton: truth
Tim Sackton: that you can hold in your hand.
Tim Sackton: Well, maybe you do know something. I'll be impressed if you return with anything to sell.
Mike Sackton: Do you know, Milo, or do you know Milo relatively well.
Tim Sackton: Everybody knows Milo, and nobody knows Milo.
Mike Sackton: Do you know of? Are there any ports portraits of him in town?
Mike Sackton: O.
Tim Sackton: Portraits.
Mike Sackton: Or somebody who.
Tim Sackton: Doubt, that.
Mike Sackton: Well enough to draw likeness.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could ask the halflings. There's a bunch of them around.
Tim Sackton: Think a ship came into port this morning
Tim Sackton: breeze, something breezy, wind.
Mike Sackton: Oh, they probably know him well enough to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: my man.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
Tim Sackton: We can come back if there's anything else you wanna say. But skipping over to Rizvin for a minute, so, wandering through town looking for, just like trying to get a sense of the place and and looking you don't. You don't get the sense that this is a heavily sort of
Tim Sackton: craft oriented city, right? I mean, obviously, there's like a handful of I mean, there's some blacksmith. There's there's barrel rights and things, but it's not the sort of place that has a huge.
Tim Sackton: I'll be.
Kate Sackton: Roughly.
Tim Sackton: You know, crafting district, or something like that, like.
Tim Sackton: you know, there's the the sort of heart of the city has like. Trade seems to be its main wealth, right like there's merchant houses, there's
Tim Sackton: I mean, you see, like big barrels of olive oil being rolled into warehouses, and
Tim Sackton: me.
Tim Sackton: you know, wine and and
Tim Sackton: cheese and
Tim Sackton: salted fish, lots of salted fish.
Tim Sackton: and there's like, there's basically no dwarves like this
Tim Sackton: entire, like both in this city, and in the smaller village you haven't seen any dwarves.
Tim Sackton: which is
Tim Sackton: a little unusual, but maybe not super
Tim Sackton: unexpected. Given how far you are away from like the moon. Dwarven centers of.
Tim Sackton: and most doors aren't super thrilled about boats.
Tim Sackton: Damn!
Tim Sackton: But is there anything specific other than that you're trying to learn, or I guess, go ahead and make a
Tim Sackton: perception check as well. Just
Tim Sackton: care what you pick up
Tim Sackton: it, did you? All something
Tim Sackton: I'm telling you.
Kate Sackton: If there's nobody with whom I would have a natural kinship, just sort of strike up a conversation, then I'll just be sightseeing.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, resin is mostly just sightseeing. I mean.
Tim Sackton: you don't hear much. You don't like pick up a lot of obvious news. Kenzo and rizvin are kind of chilly.
Tim Sackton: so it's probably mid after, you know. Well, I guess it was morning when you join. It's probably about lunchtime. By the time you're done with
Tim Sackton: your errands and
Tim Sackton: reconvene unless there's anything else you wanna talk to Juliana about.
Mike Sackton: No, I I need to wrap up pretty soon. Actually, I'm really tired.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Lot to do tomorrow. So
Mike Sackton: I did wanna get a drawing of Milo and try and scry, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's why! Scrying.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So
Tim Sackton: So let's let's just
Tim Sackton: What's the what is your sort of it seems like everybody's kind of fallen asleep. So I don't wanna push things too late.
Tim Sackton: but it is also like not.
Tim Sackton: It's only been like 2 and a half hours, so I'd like to
Tim Sackton: get a little more progress if we can, with while still ending in the next either. 20 min.
Tim Sackton: So what are you? But what are you?
Tim Sackton: So you're all gathering back together at Kenza's cafe like what is?
Tim Sackton: How is the day progressing for all of you?
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: sure, you know it's the cafe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: See if there's yeah. See if there's any
Kate Sackton: housewarming gifts to buy for the halflings. We contribute to the ship.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: just go back to the ship like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did you learn?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't learn much.
Eric Rosenbaum: We saw some authentic treasures, but
Eric Rosenbaum: didn't get much information.
Kate Sackton: It seems
Kate Sackton: I mean
Kate Sackton: conversing about what? What Juliana Juliana said
Kate Sackton: seems a bit suspicious that
Kate Sackton: around the time that the Merfle may have acquired a piece of the jade hand. They were able to
Kate Sackton: repel people from there
Kate Sackton: domain pretty effectively, and nobody's been
Kate Sackton: interacting with them or in their neighborhood
Kate Sackton: without.
Kate Sackton: and live to tell the tale for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Kate Sackton: Time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you meet anybody that I actually interacted with the Murpho
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: meaning.
Kate Sackton: Just some
Kate Sackton: repeated mentions of that halfling Milo
Kate Sackton: who disappeared a year ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: And oh! And she did suggest that we would need to.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was, gonna say, learn to swim. But she said much more than that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Breathe under one.
Mike Sackton: Breathe, water.
Kate Sackton: Right. I
Kate Sackton: have
Kate Sackton: been searching for that sort of magical knowledge, but it's not something that my gods have blessed me with. So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Doesn't Kenzo have like a someone under someone under the water clock? Now.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo does.
Tim Sackton: but Kenza is the only one, unless you're gonna go by yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we planned out a whole Frost hill.
Eric Rosenbaum: a
Eric Rosenbaum: environment pod
Eric Rosenbaum: plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could build a submarine
Eric Rosenbaum: if we had to.
Tim Sackton: You could.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you could certainly try.
Tim Sackton: That might end poorly, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Definitely would.
Tim Sackton: I I mean, there are spells that that are for 24 h. You just would need to find somebody who could cast one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Eric Rosenbaum: me.
Tim Sackton: So, okay.
Tim Sackton: what does? What do you all? What does everybody want to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's gonna picture, my, my lowest crime. I.
Mike Sackton: I think our plan should be. But
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: I really do need to go to bed in a few minutes, but our plan should be to
Mike Sackton: try and figure out the water breathing thing
Mike Sackton: and then try and find Milo.
Mike Sackton: He's obviously the person who knows how to find them.
Mike Sackton: Thanks.
Kate Sackton: I mean, it seems very likely. I mean, I don't know
Kate Sackton: how. Yeah. The trick will be like how far offshore, like you go
Kate Sackton: very close to the coast.
Kate Sackton: Well, I don't know if nobody ever makes it back, whether they go close to the coast or far from the coast, or whatever. Anybody who goes anywhere North
Kate Sackton: just ends up, not coming back. Maybe we've got a pretty big target
Kate Sackton: as.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we just sale sale that way and see what happens. We're saying.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. I mean.
Kate Sackton: if they're protecting a big area with a small piece of jade.
Kate Sackton: it doesn't mean we get to where the source of the protection is, we just get caught in the
Kate Sackton: purple's net, or whatever. But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, I I can sense. We're a few miles away. So pretty pretty good, like we get in a couple of miles. All I know where it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Kate Sackton: If it's a detect further from it, then from itself, then you can sense.
Kate Sackton: and we can get caught in some sort of
Kate Sackton: what it's possible to get trapped by Burfolk instead of finding the jade, is what I'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's scribe either.
Eric Rosenbaum: Her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That seems like a great idea.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: sorry. Let me just double check this.
Kate Sackton: Mean seeker, and I can try to invent a scuba diving gear a la Talgar
Kate Sackton: Pam
Kate Sackton: cobbled together spells and bubbles. There.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do like that.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: he gets a plus 3 on the save. Yep.
Tim Sackton: and.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are we using.
Tim Sackton: He
Tim Sackton: wet.
Mike Sackton: 19.
Tim Sackton: West of DC.
Tim Sackton: The scribe does not work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did we get an an image of him, or was that without it?
Eric Rosenbaum: No, that's.
Mike Sackton: An image that's with an image.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean inspiration.
Mike Sackton: Now you can't inspire cause it's him making the save. You can't.
Tim Sackton: And try again tomorrow, once every 24 h.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: Spain.
Kate Sackton: How long is the sale up there?
Kate Sackton: Assuming we convince the halflings to take us there.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if we can't convince that one to take us there. The next step. We also need to hire sellers here and.
Tim Sackton: So it's yeah. It's like 360 miles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2.
Tim Sackton: So if we could go 24 h.
Kate Sackton: That's why I bought them a present.
Tim Sackton: if you can go
Tim Sackton: if you can go like 7 miles an hour for 24 HA day, right? It's only 2 and a half days.
Tim Sackton: but that requires you being able to sale for 24 HA day.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we need will be too.
Mike Sackton: Do that right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tubey.
Eric Rosenbaum: one.
UU Church of Boulder: Don't!
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, free will too.
UU Church of Boulder: Don't we want to come into the half links to take us? Cause
UU Church of Boulder: like, if there's a big storm like a little 24 foot.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, it's gonna be in trouble right?
Kate Sackton: I would personally prefer to be
Kate Sackton: taken by a coherent group of expert sailors on their own ship rather than.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: 5 reasonably skilled people and throw them into a new boat and say, Go fast.
Kate Sackton: but
Kate Sackton: I mean I'm no, I'm sure that Wellbe's captioning will be excellent, but
Kate Sackton: the houselings do seem like a better deal.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we mince them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Check.
Eric Rosenbaum: But will they sell all night.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't seem that likely that this crew is going to want to sail all night.
Tim Sackton: From what you have observed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we have magic that we could pump them up to do that with?
Eric Rosenbaum: But, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alcohol.
UU Church of Boulder: Drugs. Yeah, exactly.
Kate Sackton: And so much fun.
Tim Sackton: Like some gotcha.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should definitely gotcha. There must be some.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we've been
Eric Rosenbaum: found the wrong
Eric Rosenbaum: establishments.
Kate Sackton: What kind of gift do you think I found.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
Eric Rosenbaum: nice nice.
Kate Sackton: Do you think they wanted a barrel.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you're back on the ship, you basically just wanna
Tim Sackton: convince them to
Tim Sackton: you. Wanna try and convince the halflings to take you
Tim Sackton: north.
Kate Sackton: yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's where we've ended up. But the question of how to do it fast enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: and also just let go of the sense of urgency, and treat this as the
Eric Rosenbaum: artistic endeavor that it is, you know
Eric Rosenbaum: why, for.
Tim Sackton: Thing. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Scrambling.
Tim Sackton: It's already been 3 days.
Tim Sackton: We're down to 22 days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Has it been 3 days already? I'm sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Rush the creative act, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like this is kind of a procrastinator thing. We should just wait till like the last day, and then do all the stuff you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have teleport.
Eric Rosenbaum: We we work really well under pressure. That's what I'm saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like this is a lot of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could teleport wherever we want to go. We could teleport right out in the ocean right now if we wanted to, you know. But
Eric Rosenbaum: we're it's we're enjoying the journey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, okay, so how are we gonna swim underwater.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a good close to yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: That's a good question.
Eric Rosenbaum: You think that we would
Eric Rosenbaum: haven't been through that?
Eric Rosenbaum: And but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe the Murph will just like do that for us, and pull us down under the water without drowning us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like that. Just just risk it all and just see what happens. That's that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Optimistic, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that that's worked well for us in the past.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We could also
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mean Milo is a captive there, right? So I still like the idea of crying Milo, and then teleport where he is. Right. That's just that's just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I love.
UU Church of Boulder: And this idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what I mean, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then we would end up
Eric Rosenbaum: underwater.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But presumably in like the place where you can breathe and stuff, you know, cause that's where he is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why not? Just just hope for the best you're saying? Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, not even hope for the best, like he's he's in some like, you know, little like air cavern place like Deepon in the ocean, right? So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gathered baby.
Tim Sackton: Maybe.
Kate Sackton: Dead
Kate Sackton: could be good.
Tim Sackton: Dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you did.
UU Church of Boulder: Ed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would be dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Tim Sackton: Right as it is referencing. People who are dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we'll find out about that from the sky.
Mike Sackton: Dad, the scribe will never succeed.
Tim Sackton: It would just fail. It would just always fail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What leads do we have?
Tim Sackton: Find Milo, or just in general.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In general.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not a lot.
Kate Sackton: There is a wide area of
Kate Sackton: dangerous myrrh kelpness just around the tip. There, you just you don't go fishing there anymore. You don't go treasure hunting there anymore. You never come back.
Kate Sackton: That seems like a great lead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, if there's something else we just like ride out there and see what happens. Feels like also on brand for us.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is our style.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: I feel like we, we should at least have a plan so that it can go wrong.
Kate Sackton: But we have 2 days on the boat to build something that helps us breathe underwater
Kate Sackton: when you need.
Mike Sackton: Imagine. I mean we should find
Mike Sackton: underwater magic breathing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a is there a magic store in town? Is this like a friendly place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Magic Chap.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Attendance. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: There is not a magic shop.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's no enchantment here.
Tim Sackton: There's
Tim Sackton: I mean, you haven't really asked around right? But there, very well could be people who could.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's ask around.
Tim Sackton: A guy
Tim Sackton: so go back into town after
Tim Sackton: failing to scribe.
Tim Sackton: Do what.
Kate Sackton: Grabbing people looking desperate, and say, I need a fix of some magic. Hook me up with the good stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, just see, you know. See if there's places that sell magic, or are there places where we can find, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like there must be, you know, it's like, it's like, yeah, there's.
UU Church of Boulder: Like a philosopher's guild franchise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Philosophers, yeah, and or.
Tim Sackton: Is not a philosopher's guild franchise, I mean.
Tim Sackton: So I mean the way just like the vibe of the city. Right is like there's, you know, cafes and inns and things and taverns along the docks.
Tim Sackton: you know there's the rich people houses. There's the market like it's
Tim Sackton: mid-afternoon at this point. So
Tim Sackton: you know, the people are starting to
Tim Sackton: file into the taverns like you guys are only
Tim Sackton: spend. You can certainly like, poke around a little bit, spend a little time like seeing if you can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Can.
Tim Sackton: But but, like I, I don't know. What are you asking about? What are you trying to learn specifically like?
Tim Sackton: Is there a magic store probably isn't gonna pan out right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I mean, we've been asking about the Merfo, but just like, you know, more more asking about Murph, and it's kind of crazy. But if we wanted to go into the ocean like, how we do that, do you guys do that? Is there is there like, you know, do you guys go deep into the ocean somehow, is there? You know, magic or other ways. You do it.
Mike Sackton: Guys, I really have to go to bed. I'm gonna sign off.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Alright. Mike.
Kate Sackton: I'm going to hit Mick. Hey?
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'm.
Kate Sackton: Pearl Diving Industry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll I've always always wanted to role pay for deal with while he wasn't here. It's perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Delwiff walks into the cat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So let's close up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and dances naked on the bar top.
Tim Sackton: So okay?
Tim Sackton: why don't you roll?
Tim Sackton: you remember?
Tim Sackton: Maybe I'll
Tim Sackton: yeah. I mean, you're basically like, you know, what? Poking around and trying to look for rumors like, does anybody know how to get to the Murph like water breathing just like, what can you hear? Right? Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean it is.
Tim Sackton: I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, Murpho! Anybody seen them? Everybody interacted with them. How did that happen? How'd you guys.
Tim Sackton: Why don't you roll
Tim Sackton: investigation? But charisma? So
Tim Sackton: I don't know 2 people. Roll who's wellbeing is probably pretty good at this right? And
Tim Sackton: there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Investigation.
Tim Sackton: There's been an investigation but bad at Charisma
Tim Sackton: Highway, but.
Kate Sackton: I'm good at charisma, but bad in investigation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: An investigation and an intelligence thing.
Tim Sackton: Well, I'm saying well with charisma instead of intelligence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do you do that.
Tim Sackton: Just roll.
Tim Sackton: roll a charisma check, and then add your proficiency of your proficiency investigation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I see, which is 0. Okay, that's fine.
UU Church of Boulder: I did. Pretty okay.
Tim Sackton: Everybody can roll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 3.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, be is like ridiculous. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's not my day.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo's Kenzo is like just vibing on this city. He's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, that's like.
Tim Sackton: Too distracted, trying to like, scope out the location for his meditation shop to actually pay attention to gathering rumors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: More vacation. He's like. This is literally like the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the Riviera vacation I've ever had.
Tim Sackton: And right, and Kenza's been on.
UU Church of Boulder: And it's ever really.
Tim Sackton: Looked at.
UU Church of Boulder: Ocean I mean.
Tim Sackton: Again, every night, so.
UU Church of Boulder: Really looked at the emotion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so.
Tim Sackton: It's.
UU Church of Boulder: It's always changing, but it's always the same.
Tim Sackton: So, okay, so.
Kate Sackton: Speaker's head underwater. Does that mean he can teleport to underwater locations that
Kate Sackton: he's been there.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he can teleport to under little better locations. The danger of teleporting to to locations in the water is, if you're off by even a tiny bit.
Tim Sackton: You end up in the middle of the ocean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Red.
Tim Sackton: But I'm sure that's totally fine. Seekers never failed at a teleport yet, so he's never.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am bagging a thousand. You're right.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Well, I mean you, do. You do
Tim Sackton: pick up a bunch of rumors?
Tim Sackton: as you sort of
Tim Sackton: wander the the
Tim Sackton: the docs mostly.
Tim Sackton: you hear
Tim Sackton: a couple of what seem like
Tim Sackton: relevant
Tim Sackton: bits of information?
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: one thing you hear is that so there is
Tim Sackton: you're asking about, you know people who have gone off to
Tim Sackton: like, do people like go visit the Murph, and you get the same sense of this like
Tim Sackton: information you picked up from the
Tim Sackton: from Juliana, the the collector that
Tim Sackton: like really there hasn't been
Tim Sackton: march.
Tim Sackton: There used to be stories of like sailors who would get rescued and
Tim Sackton: and like go off and like Thank the Merfoc, or something. And
Tim Sackton: and one of them tells you, oh, if you like, there's an old. There's an old ballad about that, the fog and fortune
Tim Sackton: you can ask somebody to sing that to you.
Tim Sackton: but it's been 2025 years. Is there something like that since anything's happened? However?
Tim Sackton: There is.
Tim Sackton: This
Tim Sackton: supposed
Tim Sackton: guy, Dorian
Tim Sackton: something or other that you keep hearing his name. Brought up that
Tim Sackton: like asking about who's been to visit the Murr folk?
Tim Sackton: nobody's seen him for like 20 years, but he claimed
Tim Sackton: he was obsessed with the Murf.
Tim Sackton: He used to live in Castrella.
Tim Sackton: He left.
Tim Sackton: He left 25 years ago to go
Tim Sackton: find the Murph.
Tim Sackton: and there's there's rumors like of this guy, the Mystic of Tomorrow Bay.
Tim Sackton: Some people think art is him
Tim Sackton: supposedly can breathe water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But he left 25 years ago.
Tim Sackton: He left 25 years ago. Like, there's these rumors like, there's this weird guy like
Tim Sackton: tomorrow. Bay is like as far west as anybody sails.
Tim Sackton: So is it the same guy like there's you get the sense. This is like a local conspiracy theory like.
Tim Sackton: Dorian.
Tim Sackton: Dorian Elmare, who was obsessed with Murph, is now the mystic of Tomorrow bay.
Tim Sackton: and learned how to breathe underwater, whether it's true or not like
Tim Sackton: nobody really does.
Tim Sackton: We found it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Out in the ocean, in the west.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Allegedly where in the ocean, in the West, he, like went West into the spirit.
Tim Sackton: You went west and disappeared like on the coast. So tomorrow Bay is what is like right on the coast, just around the tip of the Peninsula.
Tim Sackton: The other
Tim Sackton: bit of information you hear again is like.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you should
Tim Sackton: asking about Murphok. Oh, you should.
Tim Sackton: There's all these folk songs you should go ask, and that you should go. Listen in the ends. But also you're trying to breathe underwater.
Tim Sackton: Kazoro is who you should look for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! Who's that.
Tim Sackton: He's a stoneborne hermit, Guy. He lives in a cave somewhere up the
Tim Sackton: post. Nobody really quite knows where.
Tim Sackton: but he's supposed to be an expert in like
Tim Sackton: potions and alchemy, and
Tim Sackton: has the tricks for brewing
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: magic that lets you breathe the water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, if that sounds worth a visit.
Kate Sackton: Hmm! Let's do that. Instead of building scooby gear.
Eric Rosenbaum: And would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, let's go and wander into some. Some is it is, is, are these halfling songs.
Tim Sackton: No, no, these are like. So the the sense you get is like the the fisher, the fisher folk
Tim Sackton: who used to be like often would sail around the Peninsula, have these various ballads?
Tim Sackton: everybody's like. No, this is like most of the like serious Murfok scholars are like. Whatever these people just make up stories right?
Tim Sackton: So like Juliana's super dismissive of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Tim Sackton: If you walk around town asking about Murfoke, everybody's like, Oh, yeah, you should go. Listen to the ballads in the taverns.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lets do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Blue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go the taverns and listen to some some AI Murphy. Better balance.
Tim Sackton: So he's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, intelligence. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You spend
Tim Sackton: the evening.
Tim Sackton: So you've got 2 names. Now you've got the mystic of Tomorrow Bay.
Tim Sackton: which is
Tim Sackton: maybe also this guy, Dorian Elmar, who is obsessed with with murfolk, and you also have Kazaro, the stoneborn alchemist.
Tim Sackton: Who lives in a cave in this, like rocky stretch of coast northwest of of the city you're in.
Tim Sackton: and as you wander you hear the
Tim Sackton: in a shroud of mists so thick and gray-alone ship sealed the old bay lost to the stars, no light to guide its camped instead, at the turning tide. Then from the Texas off light shone a mystic guide through waters unknown.
Tim Sackton: Oh, the Mayor! Folks sing beneath the moon, the Mayfolks sing a haunting tune, the mayor folks sing twix wave, and do the mafoles sing a sailor's Boo! The captain's hearted filled with dread, a swirling fog around him, sweat but fears danced across the foam, singing songs of light and grace and foam
Tim Sackton: with guiding hands so fair and bright, they let his vessel through fog and night. Oh, them! Their folks sing beneath the moon sailors! When morning broke, the shores near the fog had lifted, the sky was clear.
Tim Sackton: grateful tears. The captain, wet by Murphok's graces. Life was kept back to board with tales to tell of magic that saved him. Well, the folks sing beneath the moon, the folks sing a haunting tune, the folks sing quicks wave, and do the folk singer sailors.
Eric Rosenbaum: I learned this.
Tim Sackton: Some people seem to like them are folk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, they did sing a hot tune.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They.
Eric Rosenbaum: They come out at night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good afternoon.
UU Church of Boulder: Seeing be between wave and dunes. So in the intertidal zone
UU Church of Boulder: at night.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was wondering about that. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it does seem like that would be right at the edge of the water, not
Eric Rosenbaum: in the deep water
Eric Rosenbaum: and out.
UU Church of Boulder: What's the moon?
UU Church of Boulder: Wait.
UU Church of Boulder: You say, Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's a crescent moon
Tim Sackton: fading. So going to new.
Tim Sackton: Keep wandering around a little bit, poking in some other taverns.
Tim Sackton: You hear one more song, a woman who seems to have drawn quite a crowd, who's like playing on on pan pipes and and singing a ballad
Tim Sackton: echoing from
Tim Sackton: from a tavern that's like people are spilling out like. She seems to be very popular
Tim Sackton: in the depths with the neat storm and oceans of garden lush when their folk's secrets do apply, or singing of the kelp, so green, which shade lies deep and still unseen.
Eric Rosenbaum: 100 leagues secret sleep, neath waves of gray.
Eric Rosenbaum: a.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Murdoch dance of silken fins among the kids. They tend the jade with gentle care each name a whispers soft as air or singing of the count, so green, which jade lies deep and still unseen, a hundred
Eric Rosenbaum: west, a 10 bay where secret sleep neath waves of gray.
Eric Rosenbaum: a.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: From the deep. The jade does grow glowing fate with mystic show, names of old names and new strong gardens, deep and blue, or sea of the kelp, so green, which jade lies deep and still unseen. A 100
Eric Rosenbaum: sleep neath waves of grey tanks are told of those who find the garden left behind. Mayor Fox whispers, call in the J names of all.
Eric Rosenbaum: O.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool! That's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Up
Eric Rosenbaum: a league is like a mileish.
Tim Sackton: A league is a poetic expression of distance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Crap.
Kate Sackton: Great Point.
UU Church of Boulder: 4 or 5 miles.
Tim Sackton: That's me, but.
UU Church of Boulder: Poetic. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does it say like in the name, the the like, their their names inscribed inside the jade.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I was wondering about that. And they tend these gardens of jade.
Eric Rosenbaum: and is jade like poetically referring to green kelp or something? Or is it literally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think they're just talking about the jade.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, but do they collect jade in general? And so the
Eric Rosenbaum: right finger was like just another piece of jade to them, or like.
Tim Sackton: No, you'll have to go and find out.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I was all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or a bit.
Kate Sackton: Board with tomorrow Bay
Kate Sackton: definitely what I heard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Austin. I thought I heard of, too. Tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: In time.
Tim Sackton: Yes, it works in the westernmost
Tim Sackton: known point of the continent. That's true.
Tim Sackton: I should have just called it tomorrow. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Still can.
Tim Sackton: Still can. That's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's that's I said literally what I thought it was tomorrow day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: Versus moment.
UU Church of Boulder: So, so either the Merfolk
UU Church of Boulder: are like onshore.
UU Church of Boulder: or there are hundreds of miles vaguely west of shore.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's it's all becoming so much clearer. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why are they? Why are they onshore? Why, why would they be on short.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was between betwixt
Eric Rosenbaum: the twix.
Tim Sackton: The other song.
Tim Sackton: And a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: When they rescued the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like everything was dark, and then they saw the light underwater.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then they got rescued.
Kate Sackton: There was a fog bank. We're not really sure whether that was because of the Murfog, or that was the problem. Murph all solved.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm guessing they use magical fog, though. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Except that was the song where they were. The good guys. So why would they make.
Tim Sackton: The song, Internet, good guys.
Kate Sackton: Rescue people from the fog.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, but it's an account of someone who nearly
Eric Rosenbaum: died. So who knows what actually happened, or anything.
Kate Sackton: They were the bad guys and the good guys. They just wanted to have a song where they were the good guys. So they did their usual bad guys and changed their mind at the end.
Eric Rosenbaum: People that got
Eric Rosenbaum: rescued maybe got robbed, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe they had some jade on them.
Tim Sackton: Maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: basically, we should go talk to the Stoneburn guy and get some water breathing questions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go for it. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: the night ends with you back
Tim Sackton: with some more information.
Tim Sackton: and now left
Tim Sackton: trying to decide how you're going to convince the Hofflings who
Tim Sackton: are now
Tim Sackton: seem to be at like 9 Pm. About halfway through.
Tim Sackton: Quite elaborate dinner.
Tim Sackton: Pebble looks up and weighs you over, and is like you still hungry. We've got
Tim Sackton: salt cod pie we've got.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you've got to try this
Tim Sackton: cinnamon cakes you ever had cinnamon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Communist.
Tim Sackton: Delicious stuff!
Eric Rosenbaum: Part of it.
Tim Sackton: Comes from down south down south of Illoria.
Tim Sackton: I might even have
Tim Sackton: some
Tim Sackton: dried fruit from the last time that
Tim Sackton: Milo came up this
Tim Sackton: fruit leather that's sweet and tangy is amazing. Come, eat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fruitland.
Tim Sackton: Join us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Make shoes out of that
Eric Rosenbaum: to the companions. I say, we've got to find a way to to throw them a huge party if they'll just do this one thing for us.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: right? Like, what would motivate them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Snacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're the halfling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lord! What about you?
Tim Sackton: Well.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean. I I think I'm not a typical halfling cause, like I'm already motivated by the idea of like
UU Church of Boulder: going to an unnavigable fog bank
UU Church of Boulder: filled with killer or supportive Murph like that. There's no additional incentive, neither.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not all half wings are like you.
UU Church of Boulder: Now a lot of halflings like routine. These seem like more novelty seekers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bread.
Eric Rosenbaum: They like to have a good time, so we should just find a way to show them good time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they drugs that have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we could just use offer to use our magic to to put on a big feast for them like we've done that for ourselves, haven't we?
UU Church of Boulder: What if we had like a cook, off
UU Church of Boulder: with, deal with
UU Church of Boulder: and like whoever made the better meal
UU Church of Boulder: went wherever they wanted to go?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wait!
UU Church of Boulder: And like, if they win.
UU Church of Boulder: then
Kate Sackton: And I need to select.
UU Church of Boulder: So you you have. You have to stay
UU Church of Boulder: and remove hangovers
UU Church of Boulder: for them
UU Church of Boulder: for a week, but if we win they have to sail
UU Church of Boulder: to certain death for a week.
Eric Rosenbaum: That sounds amazing.
UU Church of Boulder: No, and.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then Della kind of can't lose in a competition like that. Right? So
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll just let we'll just let Mike know we signed him up for that that should be good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have.
Kate Sackton: I mean, they keep talking about Milo like like they're the ones who do the drawing. He brought back some awesome food leather. Maybe we can say we're pretty sure he's trapped by the Murfok. We're gonna rescue him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that'll motivate them, too. That's true. I do like the cook off competition, though.
Kate Sackton: I do. I like that one, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our our boat halfway is friends with my life.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, they know him. Hipaa. The captain
Tim Sackton: was like, Oh, yeah, Milo, he's who you want to talk to. And what's storm dancer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, in that beautiful description of the boat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would would they be motivated to help find my love.
UU Church of Boulder: That could be worth a shot.
Tim Sackton: Possibly.
Kate Sackton: Try all of these things until one of them works.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But let's start with that first. Let's see if they wanna if they're interested in finding my list.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're yeah. Milo's with the Murpho. Why not? We'll rest. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: they're interested, but well, actually go ahead and roll.
Tim Sackton: Tell me. Well, a persuasion check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's roll it out with. Oh, I must love, I must love these.
UU Church of Boulder: No, I am not persuasive.
Tim Sackton: yeah. Go ahead. Enroll for Delaware.
Tim Sackton: E, 20 plus 9 or 10 plus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I shouldn't roll today. I just roll the 4 for myself, so you can be all rolled. I'm not rolled higher than a 3 today, so.
Tim Sackton: Enzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Gotta stop.
Tim Sackton: So many roll at d. 20 plus 10 for Delaware.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. I got him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Today's like, half day days. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: 15!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Inspire this you can inspire. Oh.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can inspire that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right. Alright. So let's
Eric Rosenbaum: it's one day 10.
Tim Sackton: We're determined.
Tim Sackton: Price. Take the higher.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Twice.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay. Alright.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like 3.
Tim Sackton: 3 inspiration has really been saving you. This entire session.
Eric Rosenbaum: 2.
Tim Sackton: Everything is roughly a DC 20
Tim Sackton: so they start off a little bit skeptical
Tim Sackton: like you don't actually know he's trapped, do you?
Tim Sackton: But you know
Tim Sackton: Pipa looks a bit concerned. It's like, well.
Tim Sackton: he's never been out of contact for
Tim Sackton: more than a year for this long before.
Tim Sackton: Then.
Tim Sackton: you said, speaking to dealt with that you couldn't find him with magic
Tim Sackton: little
Tim Sackton: worrisome.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: we'll do it
Tim Sackton: a week of hard salad.
Tim Sackton: That's about all I can ask of the crew. And you guys gotta help.
Tim Sackton: Probably wait around here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we get other feels like a lot of time. Guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. But we got.
Tim Sackton: Not at all. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So bird.
Tim Sackton: That they'll do it for a week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, for a week. Okay. Okay. Okay. Cool.
Tim Sackton: It should only take you 2 or 3 days. Well, you gotta find the stoneborn guy first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And and once it's all over, we'll throw you a party like you've never seen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Totally. Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, that's.
Tim Sackton: Goes without saying.
Kate Sackton: You're gonna dj.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And be awesome.
Tim Sackton: There we go! There's the rave.
Eric Rosenbaum: Monster! Dj.
Tim Sackton: So.
Kate Sackton: Does anyone know that Kenza is dating a Stonebourne who lives up in the Twist?
Kate Sackton: It's great potions and very good music based.
Tim Sackton: e.
Tim Sackton: yeah. Iskar will somehow have to morph into a musician.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can.
Tim Sackton: so I think we can end there. So as you go to bed for the night. The howlings are preparing, they need to take on. I mean, they need to restock a little bit. They need to finish their dinner and take on
Tim Sackton: water and stuff. And and so it's gonna be first. It's gonna be pre-dome that they leave.
Tim Sackton: But they've made plans to hipaa apparently stays up all night fairly frequently.
Tim Sackton: and it's going to wake the wake. Well, be, and the crew at 4,
Tim Sackton: and get the boat underway
Tim Sackton: early. Dawn, heading fast as can be northwest of the coast.
Tim Sackton: looking for Milo worried that he's lost somewhere.
Tim Sackton: and keeping an eye out
Tim Sackton: on the side for caves where a stoneborn herpet might live.
Tim Sackton: and I think that is where we will end today.
Tim Sackton: E
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeing how, if we made a second wellbe, we'd wish we had a second short bow. But anyway.
Kate Sackton: Good.
Tim Sackton: Might have us.
UU Church of Boulder: Spare in the portable hole.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure you've got some spare weapons. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You're also gonna need
Tim Sackton: yeah underwater with a lot of stocking up. You might need to do before you go underwater like you can't use swords.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, like, how do you fight underwater like.
Tim Sackton: Spears and fists
Tim Sackton: are okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could be really bad for my cloak, you know.
UU Church of Boulder: Words are even.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man.
Tim Sackton: Words are even better. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly. Yeah. Well, but.
Tim Sackton: And crossbows are fine spears, anything that deals piercing damage
Tim Sackton: short swords.
Tim Sackton: I guess it's just risman and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Halted it.
Tim Sackton: Jason, or dealt with, who need different weapons.
Tim Sackton: or Ken Kenzo can punch. But your staff isn't. You're not, can't do much with a quarter staff underwater.
Eric Rosenbaum: Honeymoon.
Tim Sackton: Swing it really slowly at somebody's head.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: next session is 2 weeks from today. Is that right? May sixteenth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: may.